
[00:00:00] I heard so he's part time there right now and this meeting is being recorded. Yeah, wrapping wrapping up at his previous job, but yeah, he said he got access to their out-of-count and shit was just flopped. Anyways, it's kind of random. Like these supplement brands are from Malaysia. It's Singapore. Like I made this type to be five minutes away from my, my life. It's the hub apparently, bro. So random. What up, everybody? Creedings, readings from Earth. All right, we're actually on time today. How about it? Q for today. We'll give a couple of minutes and we'll let everybody else triple in. What's been going on? How do you pronounce your name, bro? Is it, is it tossed, tossed? Is it actually tossed? You pronounce it tossed that, tossed that. Yeah, almost, but I'm supposed to be just calling the toast because it's easier. Are you Dutch? Swedish, Swedish. Okay, okay, toast. I got a fuck with the name toast, bro. I know it's not how you pronounce it, but toast as far. Your mom would be probably mad at me for calling you toast. I appreciate it. How old are you, bro? 20th. Sean Ressage, uncle, bro. Yeah. Wait, how old are you? Spencer, guess. Maybe 28. Oh, guys, that should close, man. 27 basically to my birthday is in January. So that's still young. That's a young girl. I'm basically 28, bro. It's tough out here. Bro, repost on a fucking flight. 
[00:02:00] And remo is long team. Starlink, maxing starlink. Is that Air France or what is that? No, it's Qatar. Yeah, bro, way better than Emirates. Okay, okay. Now whenever I whenever I fly like overseas, I always fly Air France because they have Starlink. It's fucking far. Are they have Starlink? Yeah, bro. Air France is clutch with the Starlink. Dude, it's insane. How does I just had this happen the other day? And it's like, why is my internet so good on this Air France flight? But the seats are this close together. Hey, man, you got to sacrifice sometimes, you know? All right, well, we'll get, we'll get rip in. We're actually on time today. Usually I don't even show up on calls until fucking 1104. So this is a good start. We're going to go through Q4 stuff today. I'll keep the chat open on the side here. Just in case like questions come up. Well, we'll go through it. If you guys don't know where this dock is, we have it. Oh, damn, what's your birthday, bro? Happy birthday, man. Did you get some shopping? Yeah, happy birthday, bro. Come on, bro. So how old are you now? Oh, my God, you fucking on, bro. Yeah, my God, bro, 22 in first class. What a fucking loser man, what's your private show, bro? It's insane, man. All right. So yeah, back, back to this, if you guys don't know where this is, it's evolved Q4 program is here. I've labeled it 2026 because obviously we're, we're updating this video now. Just give you guys context. If you haven't seen this, we did this last year. The Q4 created blueprint. This was up on Discord, I'll screenshot the above column. The wall, damn, our mom's leaking. 
[00:04:02] What the fuck are our run? We gotta kick our mom, bro, kick our mom, bro, get him out of here, man. That's so funny. It's fucking what a fucking scammer, bro. Come on, our mom. God damn, man, puff out here. All right. Anyway, all right, we're going to get to this call. I promise. The Q4 blueprint here was just a call recording from last year. I've just these Q4, like, or like BFCM ads. I'm going to go through and maybe add a few more. I'm going to take a look at like some of the best performers that we had from last year. But to be honest, it's like, there's only so many fucking black Friday ads that you can make. I mean, I don't know how much different inspiration you guys need. I mean, they're all kind of like relatively the same shit. But I'll go through and try to find a few more. If I find any that are different, I will share them with you. But we probably won't do a black like Black Friday or a Q4 creative call because it's already here. The only thing that I would say we're going to update is obviously the masterclass here. And then I'm going to talk a little bit more about or with my graph design team about potentially getting you guys a few more templates. So if you don't know, we did do like a BFCM template thing as well. So if you guys are like super like unable or don't have a graph designer for some reason, these are all templated as well in this template's link. Premo campaigns, these are still the same. Sean has anything changed really from a promo campaign perspective or not really. I probably need to talk to, okay, it's the exact same. Oh, I'm going to talk with Sammy to see if there's any more like sneaky stuff that we can do. But for the most part, yeah, when we were running promos, this is the same stack that we were doing. It just, you know, if it's not broke, like my fix it. There's like some modules here around how to create rules for it. Surf scaling, but I think we, we might need to update this and maybe get a pretty, pretty or sheet. Cause Claude could probably one shot of sheet that doesn't look this shit. And like a couple of minutes. So this is something that will probably, and maybe based off the call, we just had Sean, we could update it as well. 
[00:06:04] Lee Jen strategy. This is something I think I'm going to potentially let Grayson touch a little bit on. So for those of you guys who don't know, I've begged Grayson, I was going to get to this at the end. But we're asking daddy Grayson here to put together a little bit of a Q4. Calendar for us or sort of Q4 Q5 calendar for us. Cause I know a lot of you guys are in the subspace. And so this Lee Jen stuff is something that, you know, we'll probably speak about with Grayson full, like full transparency. We're not really doing this anymore. I think we have maybe one brand that will do it. But for the most part, we're kind of just focused on like this. I think the Lee Jen and like VIP is really cool for fashion brands. But honestly, for most of our brands, we're just not likely going to do this. We just feel like the time it takes to set up this whole like Lee Jen and do all the emails of that kind of shit. It's like, we might as well just make better as anyways. So and obviously a lot of like the leads that you get are just kind of useless. Sean's got some asset stuff that he'll talk about email marketing strategy. We're also going to do a new call here as well. I think Sean is scheduling that for two weeks from now or something like that. But just to focus on what we're going to talk about here today, this is the Q4. A dog. So you guys all have access to this. There's basically a few tabs over here. One is psychology. Then we have key dates. We have offers. We have creatives. Obviously, we already kind of talked about creatives with zero. We have back end and then we have kind of like a month by month calendar here of like what you should probably focus on and what you should do. And then there's like sales questions down here as well for those you guys that like are going to like update your website, which you 100% fucking should do. Just making sure that you have everything accounted for. We used to trench the fuck out of these sales for brands. We would do like 10 of them in like a week and then do another 10 the next week. So like we've been through this process a lot. But for the sake of the call today, I'm just going to go kind of in order of these tabs. 
[00:08:03] And then like I said, if you guys have questions, pop them in the chat and we can we can stop where needed. Sean, anything to add or am I good to to get going? Right quick one one thing Spencer. So the Q5 game plan that should be ready by this Friday for everybody to call. It's like 99% complete. So they'll be like a pending version of it in the sheet by end of today. But one thing that is to keep is this is like we're like for the Q4 and Q5 is the tax strategy. So just when we can talk about that at the end of the talk about here. But thinking about your probabilities of companies can be incredibly important. Actually, I already have this recap. So I'll paste it in here and we can just cover it. Where's how do we get Uncle Sam? Oh, you know, you should be actually, is there tea? No, what will we? Yeah, jury, jury, jury, jury. Actually, Jail, Jail, Jail, Jail, Jail, Jail, Jail, Jail, Jail, Jail. There you go, dog strategy. Love it. You got to have the emojis dial, you know? All right. So first thing is just kind of like psychology of Q4. This one is like really short. I deep this a lot last year and didn't really find much. But the main thing and we talked about this last year and we made this like public to everyone. We used to do this a little bit differently with our brands when we were running the agency, when we had like 35 clients versus now we have like three. So the way that this works is we tell most people and evolve to start their sale early. The reason why we tell them to start it early is because most of you guys don't really have a lot of brand authority and a lot of brand leverage to like build up a fuckload of hype. And like actually have people wait to buy your product. A lot of you guys are not the only product in your market. And so for example, I'm not the only product in the market. I'm saying a lot of you guys don't have like a very strong brand presence for people to be like, 
[00:10:04] I'm 100% going to wait for the Nike Black Friday sale, right? Like Nike could wait until Black Friday itself and drop their sale and they'll do fuck loads of numbers. But if you're, you know, for most of you guys, it's like if you sell some type of supplement or sometime of gadget, there's probably a lot of other people that sell the same gadget. And so by you not starting your sale and being like, we're going to wait till Black Friday. You're just going to miss out on a bunch of sales. So we recommend starting early again. We're getting into the dates of like how early, but the mythology here and mythology. That's crazy. The methodology is, is to just start your sale early. Okay. That doesn't mean start your Black Friday sale. Now it just means to start your, start your sale probably earlier in November. Okay, importance of finding winners before this is the main thing that we always hammer home. The people who have the biggest Q4s usually have momentum. We had, we saw this again, even last year when we saw, I think last year, we were still carrying about like eight or nine brands. We had brands that were not really doing that hot. And then Black Friday happened in like, come on, Sean, you need a dial in on the mutual. Thank you. There, there was a, anyway, there was a brand that was doing like mid, going into Black Friday, Black Friday came and nothing really changed for them. It's really important to make sure that you guys are ideally scaling up until Black Friday. And if you guys are scaling up until Black Friday, when Black Friday hits, that's when shit usually goes parabolic. You know, for example, this brand here last year was doing 100K candles. And they, I think did on Cyber Monday, specifically like 1.7 million in a day or something like that. So this is just to show you like context of if you go into Q4 or you go into Black Friday, Cyber Monday with momentum and you actually have a lot of winning ads. 
[00:12:01] Those winning ads are only going to perform better. Okay. We're going to get into someone like the desire doc as well to show you like how you can create some seasonal specific ads that rip even harder. Like for example, bikini ads in the summer just absolutely crush bikini ads in the winter. Usually you don't do as well. It's like, why is that? Because desires change people, people's needs change as well. So that kind of gets into this like seat like this kind of summary that actually comes from. I think it was Alan Saltanic and Sarah Levenger that we talked about last year. It still applies. These are just links about leveraging promo campaigns and how consumer behavior changes. This talks about, I think this is the desire calendar or seasonal ads. Yeah. So actually, this is a really important thing. So kind of in line before we get into some of the other stuff, kind of a line with what I just mentioned. If you guys go back to your previous Black Friday, we've done this before. And it actually fucking crushes. If you guys had ads that were crushing during like November or December last year, as long as they're still relevant, try turning those ads back on because we did that for one of our brands. And like it allowed us to like triple their ad spend granted. They were only spending like two K a day, but we got up to like 10 K to spend the previous Black Friday. And I was like, yeah, fuck it. What did we just turn this ad back on? Let's see what happens. And sure enough, although it died like in January February, March in November, December and fucking printed. And so go back into your ad account and also just look at what ads crushed during this time last year. And when that time comes, just try turning them back on and just see what happens if they are turned off. Obviously, okay. So there is a lot of shit that changes based off of seasons. So there's like, there's not many buttons that you can click. Obviously to like make free money. And so like this is a super sick thing for you guys to do the final thing on psychology. Here's again, this is basically meaning like seasons affect people's dopamine levels and serotonin levels, which drive by behavior. What this means is like, then this is like science backed. 
[00:14:01] I'm not a super fucking nerd on this, but like in the winter months from like October to April, people don't get a lot of fucking sunshine. So a lot of people actually do get depressed. Like it's, it's a real thing. There's a reason why like 35 million people live in California. Like there's more people that live in California than all of Canada. Um, and so the thing with this is like people's moods change. And so if you understand how their moods and how their desires are shifting, um, that can help you succeed a lot more in the market, okay. And so there's a full post on this that Alan wrote. It is like, I don't really think you guys need to read this. It is like an extremely, extremely long read. Um, the TLDR is basically what I have here, which is like, listen, the winter month, people have low dopamine and people crave novelty, frequent, small purchases, try using some low ticket offers, freaking promos and longer form sales content to see what you can do. Um, this was his, um, his take on it. This doesn't mean that if you're high ticket, like cut your prices, but you also have to understand that on black Friday, you're going to be running an offer, which you're going to lower your prices anyways. Um, and so and we'll talk a little bit more about that. If you guys are already running at like your bare minimum price, uh, we'll get into that in the offer section. Uh, but this is just like some overall psychology on like what the fuck happens in Q4. And obviously the, the, the, no shit Spencer, um, things that happen is just like, it's gifting season. People are just like, I'm going to go buy more shit in November and December because it's fucking Christmas. And I got to buy shit for a bunch of other people, right? So everybody is buying shit. So that's why these periods are just hotter than normal. Um, but that's basically it, okay. Q4 key dates. So these are the key dates that we have listed. Let's try this fucking evolve copyright thing is super fucking annoying. I'm just going to like delete it and then like bring it back. But, um, let me see if I can copy it. Does that work? Nope. It breaks it. Fuck six. Anyways, these are the key dates that you guys need to look at. Prime day is not confirmed yet. But this is a legitimate day for you guys to like run some sales on your store. 
[00:16:03] If you guys have Amazon, obviously I'm sure you guys already wear this, but like you can print on prime day. Um, Amazon just decided to basically make their own black Friday and obviously prime day is a great example of that. Uh, and then coming up sales wise, you have Halloween. Uh, for some of you guys, if you do actually have like, I saw this ad ripping and ads by it's like fucking nail polish. And they just started advertising their purple and orange nail polish and it's fucking ripping. And so that's just a great example of like purple and orange nail polish in, you know, March is, eh, whatever. But like, or sorry, purple and orange black and orange. Uh, but black and orange in October is everybody wants to fucking buy it, right? So shit like that. Like think about what people are doing. Uh, Halloween is actually a time where like we had this one brand previously that, uh, actually in Halloween, like ripped harder than in black Friday. Now that they were very specific with like jewelry and shit that they sold, but just don't sleep on Halloween or fall. Like there is definitely an opportunity there. Um, and then as you can see here, black Friday, earliest sale, uh, the way that we have that starting, you can see we have the egg. We have the half, half hatch chicken, we have the chicken and then we have the fried chicken. Uh, so that's how the, the process works here. Uh, but basically we recommend starting on like November 2nd. That'd be the like what I would probably suggest for you guys to do is like Monday and November 2nd, boom, black Friday sales live. If you also want to push it to the Friday, you can also do that as well. Uh, sometimes I like having an extra weekend of sales. Um, so you could also start on the Friday if you want. Um, oh, I'm so sorry to run. Um, black Friday, early sale is, uh, or yeah, like so we have earliest and then early sales is November 9th. Uh, again, if you're not starting it on like the 2nd, I would probably recommend starting it on the 9th because the main thing with this as well, guys, I didn't really touch much on this in the psychology section. But another reason why you want to start it early is so you can build momentum with your sales campaigns and you can start scaling your sales campaigns. 
[00:18:03] And you can also see which offer creatives are doing the best. And so it's like anything if you start your black Friday sale on black Friday, you don't know really like what creatives are going to do that well because you're just starting from scratch. Whereas if you give yourself some time in your sale and in your black Friday campaign to essentially start testing different offer creatives, different statics, different videos, UGCs, all that kind of stuff. Um, uh, that will allow you guys to build momentum, right. And like I said, two, four in black Friday or black Friday specifically is all about momentum. So, uh, this is what our structure looks like. The absolute latest that you should start your sale is the week of black Friday. So that would be the Monday, November 23rd. Uh, we used to have brands that would start it on the Friday. So that would be like, you know, Sunday, Saturday, it would be like the 20th is when some people would start it. Again, I would recommend minimum like the ninth, uh, ideally the second 16th still works. But you guys want to give yourself time to ramp up and see which creatives are working well. Uh, then obviously BFCM is the 27th to the 30th. Uh, and then after that, we always transition into a holiday sale. Um, and again, this is also part of doing learnings on what sale ads are doing. Well, you're going to then want to take those learnings when you're making your holiday specific creatives as well, which I'm going to get into and talk to you guys about. Um, and then after that, we have what we would usually do is like our extended holiday or like New Year's promo. Uh, if you guys are in Canada and you have like a big presence there, uh, Boxing Day is a very legit sale as well, which is the day after Christmas, um, so you guys can do that too. Um, and then yeah, obviously this is where Grayson's going to take over and Grayson maybe even has better things to talk about for dissent, like end of December January. So I'll let him, you know, talk a little bit more on that once he finishes his stuff. Um, but these are the holiday sale dates and timelines updated for 2026. Uh, and then other sale dates that's not much here, um, but there is like Columbus Day in October. 
[00:20:02] Uh, there's Veterans Day on the 11th. So again, if you guys have something like that is relevant to veterans or like military or like survival or something like that, I would highly recommend like doing a promo on this day and just trying to surf scale the hell out of it. Uh, or you could do it for a week, obviously. One, one thing that I will actually I'll, I'll correct myself on, uh, on any of these sales dates, like maybe if you sell something that's very patriotic, um, do a Columbus week sale. Like I'm not a big fan of just doing like one day flash sales. I think that's kind of dumb. I think what's good to do is just like extend it for at least a week. Like make sure you run it for a full week. So the sale is actually worth it. Uh, and you just get more out of it because the amount of effort it takes to like optimize the website, do the creatives, do I set everything up and get everything ready to go. You might as well just rinse it for a week rather than just one day. Um, some days that we already missed labor day apologies for being laid on that, but that was last weekend kind of missed it. Uh, Patriot Day is coming up on Friday. I didn't know that was a thing, but again, uh, if you're got a patriotic-ish brand or like made in America, hell yeah, brother, um, probably a good opportunity this weekend to tie that in with Patriot in Columbus Day. Um, so yeah, so those are sales dates. Now offer wise. I know I'm sprinting through this. So if you guys need me to like take a second. Let me know. So hedge, did you respond to Sean? We're good. Cool. All right. Offer wise. Uh, I also built this last year. I just spoke with our Sierra wrote, uh, team as well. Uh, I got to go through because they set me a fucking novel and a bunch of different offers. So, uh, I might update this as well. But for the most part, this has everything that you basically need to know about offers. Just understand this duals as a, uh, evergreen offer doc as well as a Q4 offer doc. A lot of you guys haven't even seen this, um, but yeah, important note is like I said, offers are kind of like crack, uh, you can get really addicted to them. I've never spoke crack, but I assume it's very addicting. Um, so the most important thing here is to make sure that a lot of you guys are like stuck on offers. 
[00:22:03] And so that's not necessarily a bad thing, but obviously that's why it's very hard for you guys to get off offers. Um, another very important note and Grayson, for those of you that work with Grayson, he's already gonna do this for you, but Grayson would also probably agree with this that you guys have to understand that if you run an offer, your margins will change. Okay. So there's times where people will literally have a, you know, 2x target and then they launch an offer and then they're like, oh, I'm printing at this 2x rose, but now they're actually making less money because they're offered, or because their margins have changed. So please make sure that you review your margins. Um, I think this is the, yeah, this is Grayson's OG sheet. Let's go. Um, Grayson's got a way better one now. I'm assuming, but yeah, the OG sheet, beautiful. Um, so yeah, just make sure you guys know your numbers because I'm like, I make a joke about this, but like, I'm telling you some of you guys, like, think you're printing because like for some, like, for example, there was a guy that like, cut his margins and they were like 35% margins or something like that. And then he was like running at a 2.70s, like, bro, I'm printing. Like, I've never seen a row as this high in my life and then he lost money that month because he didn't realize that holy shit. I ran such an aggressive offer that my, my margins just got destroyed. Now, keep in mind, some of you guys I know aren't running, like, first order of profitability. So like, not when I say you're losing money on first order, that obviously doesn't apply to all of you guys. Um, this is more like people who are just selling like first, first order of profitability. But this also still applies from like an LTV standpoint. And this is something where again, Grayson will touch more on this on, on his call, but you also need to understand and probably check. I would assume Grayson, some of your cohorts from the previous year, like, hey, all of these people that I acquired last November or last December, what was my LTV on those people? Because I would assume Grayson, you've probably seen this where it's probably not as high. Does that fair to say? Yeah, 100%. And I actually have done a section that 
[00:24:04] we'll talk about at the end of this call today. But yeah, they go just because the customer comes in specifically through sales, they will be different. And I'll show how we can model that out here. Fire. So the TLDR ball, this Grayson is going to hammer this point home, but like, make sure you know your numbers, okay? And like, actually, you know your numbers because the one thing that I would say is like, I see so many people. And obviously, like, we're bad influences because we're like, on your gay day or gay, it's like, you're gay. If you don't hit it, I'm sorry, Joanne, son. But basically, you have to understand that like, you need to focus on profitability. Like, this is such a phenomenal time of year to make a lot of money. Now, with that said, we also had people last year in Apex that were like, spending 400 K a day and making 400 K a day. But they had their projections set out and they knew that this would stack up and make them the money that they wanted because I believe this guy was specifically, it was working with you Grayson. You guys ran the numbers. You were confident what you were doing. And so you were comfortable not being like super profitable during Q4 because you knew the backend and everything else would take care of itself. And this was a great opportunity for you to acquire customers. But my main thing is this for a lot of you guys, like, remember Q4 is a phenomenal period to make a lot of money. And for some brands, like they do more money in Q4 than the entire year. Sean, go ahead. It's all probably running soon. But we next out a hundred participants, we need to upgrade our Zoom play. Where are you dead off? People in this card said they can join. I thought we did it. Did you have any of these? Did you upgrade it? In the in the in between time. If you just want to start a Google Meet call and then just screen share it, that would probably be like the shortest term solution. So then everyone like we can see it. Okay. I'm setting up a pass key right now for zoom. Well, my God. Where's 
[00:26:05] our leaker when we're at? We need our leaker, bro. I guess we could legit actually just start a voice generator. I can score it. I can share it. We could. I know I can upgrade my account. Hold on, settings, plans and pricing, all the way. Meetings, business, 300 participants, upgrade. Why am I still paying Canadian, bro? Okay, build monthly, update my plans, sir, please. Update plan. Technical difficulties. Damn, we cracked the 100. Let's go. That's huge. That's huge. 100 participants are gay. All right, it should be upgraded now. I don't know if I need to restart Zoom. Can people join now, Sean? Let me see. Can you accept more people now? I'm not getting any requests right now, but I just asked, Oh, we can. We can't. It works. It works. We had 101. Let's go back. We're so back. All right. There we go. So you're going to put out a side scan to go. So please, brother. All right. Here we go. So numbers aside, we're good there. Let's get into offers specifically. I'm not going to go through all these, like, pamphlet slow, but, oh, it kicks a random person out. No, it does. This is right. A hundred. We did it today. So it's all good. Yeah. Yeah. We're good. Okay. So dollar amount off is dollar and percentage genuinely, like, these are like the only offers we run to be honest. We stack some offers. I'll show that in a second. But I just feel like whenever you run dollar amount, percentage amount, everybody gets it. It's so simple and applies to everyone. We 've had clients before where they'd be like, X percent off if you spend this amount. It's like, 
[00:28:01] brother, that's not an offer. Like, that's like, you're making someone do something, right? I love percentage offer dollar off plus if you want to spend more or if you get this bundle, you will save an additional percent or you will get this free gift for this thing only or, like, a lot of you guys already are off for maxing. But percentage off and dollar amount off, the reason why they're the best is because everybody gets it and applies to everyone. Okay. So our biggest sales numbers are usually always done on just dollar amount and percentage amount. Okay. If you want to try like a buy X get X free, you can do that. It's a decent offer. It just has to make sense for people to actually buy volume. Another one that we have here is buy X gift X free. I don't actually have an example of this, but this is something where again, it says recommended. I'd say like partially recommended for black Friday. This is an interesting one that I actually got brought to my attention where it's like, you could buy one for yourself and get one for free is like a gift. And like, the person that I heard this from actually ran, I think it was like, some kind of brand were like buying multiple just didn't make sense, but like, or sorry, buying it as a gift didn't really make sense. But if you bought it for yourself, they'd be like, hey, you can just give this to someone as well. And it kind of just is it's the same way of communicating buy one get one free. But it's just kind of got that, you know, that Q4 spirit. Okay. Store credit offers. This one's a little bit more complex. Um, this one is interesting. I learned this. Actually, I think it's from Dante. Um, I spoke with him about this. Um, Brad says run something in summary to this as well. Um, but this is a really interesting way, interesting way to kind of like margin max. And it's kind of like a gift card thing where you can basically give a higher perceived value than what your actual like, what an actual dollar amount is. And so what this means is like, listen, if you give somebody a, so rather than giving somebody $20 off, you can give them $66 in store credit because at your margin of 70%, $66 in store credit is basically the exact same as $20 
[00:30:05] off. Okay. So this is like, this is more complex. If you're maybe more on the scale of like, mega brain to Chad brain, if you're more on like the Chad brain side, I probably would ignore this. But this is something where you give one comment on that Spencer, the utilization right now of uh, in store credit is about 30% when she'll apply it. So even if you went, if you went worst case, like 50%, you could get a $100 gift card. We'll do the math in that second. But you have a $100 gift card. 50% utilization is only $50. If your cogs are 20%, you're only giving $10 of actual out of your bracket. So you can give a $100 gift card, but it's actually been costing the brand yourself $10. So massive. No, no, that's, I mean, Michael already called it out as well. Like both of you guys are, you're on the same fucking page. But yeah, this is like, this is one of those things where you can definitely go big on value of like you get this in store credit and just give a way higher perceived value. And like Grayson just said, like mostly people never even fucking use it. So pretty awesome. Sneaky one, but yeah, if you, if you know your shit, it's a good one to do. Um, buy X, get X percent off. This is as you can see here recommended if you have bad margins. Again, this is like contingent offers is kind of what they are where it's like you have to do something to get this where I'm not the biggest fan of these. I think these are great for like on top of where it's like, hey, you're gonna get 30% off plus if you spend $100, you get an extra 5% off or you get an extra 10% off. Now one thing I will say is like that can get confusing. And if you're making customers do math, that's usually never a good thing because if customers are confused, they're just not gonna buy. Um, but this is something where it's like, hey, by the way, if you add two more things to your cart or if you spend this amount, you get another percent off. Um, that can still work. Uh, free gifts are obviously great. Again, 
[00:32:03] this is recommended as an add-on, not a core offer. Um, so some kind of mystery gift. Everybody knows these, these, these are pretty common knowledge. Uh, free shipping. Again, another one of those things where these carts for us that we used to custom build for brands, they'd crushing queue for just because we'd have like those tiers of like, look, if you, you're gonna get 30% off. All right. By the way, all of these other products, if you have multiple skews are also 30% off. And if you spend X dollars, again, to try to AOV max and people, they fucking love saving money. Like, so we're, we're, humans are very like, we'll go spend more money. But if we're like, but I saved this much money, like, that's what we use as like our excuse. We're like, but I, but I saved this amount. We like validated, right? Like because again, it's, it's value related. So that's another thing where like if you have incentives to get people to just buy a shit load because not only is it great value because they're saving money right now and it's black Friday. But you also then incentivize them where it's like, we're also gonna give you free shipping if you just spend way more. Again, these are all things that are add-ons to your court offer that can just get people to spend more and more bundles and saves. If you guys aren't doing bundles, obviously, and it makes sense for you to do bundles, this is like the easiest way to just make free money. This is an interesting one that we tested last year as well, which is try before you buy. This was, this was not something that I don't think Grayson's gonna be a big fan of, but this was just like a Chad scale test that we did where we wanted to see like, hey, if we just charged shipping and like, because this brand had like super high margins, where we're just like, hey, let's just try giving it to free for free and see what happens. The data actually ended up working out, I think over like a, I don't know, 30 or 60 day or whatever it was. Like we actually ended up getting a pretty decent total row as because even though there were so many people that didn't buy, that there was a enough volume where a small percentage added up to actually make more money. This is not really one that I would 
[00:34:02] recommend, but it was just like, we went through a massive offer a trench last year where just like, what's every offer possible? Like, and we just tested them all. And then this one is Avatar specific. I love this one for Q4 as well, where again, your avatar might change for Q4. Say you always sell to women. Well, in fucking Q4, who buys shit for women? The husbands, the dads, right? Like they're the ones buying the products. And so I've even seen some funny offers where it's like, the, I don't know what the fuck to get my wife or like, I don't know WTF to get my wife offer. And then it was just like, buy this package for buy this skin care thing for her and she'll love it. And so like, that's, that's a great way to again, consider who is, who is buying the product? Not just who's the end user, but who's buying the product. And it's an awesome way to kind of like create offers for, you know, new avatars that are going to shop with you that potentially aren't comfortable. And I've had this before where I was like, going on websites and I didn't know what to buy for my fiance. And I was just like, Oh, they had an offer where it was like, Hey, if you're, if you're a boyfriend or husband, like, click here. And I'm like, boom, they're like, get this for her. I was like, beautiful, right? So that's a really awesome way to like sell to an avatar that maybe you don't traditionally sell to. Okay. And then quiz offers. These ones are kind of interesting. Again, not really recommended for Black Friday more of like Evergreen, but yeah, like even then if you want a Black Friday this up, you can try to like do some kind of quiz where it's like, you know, ask them about what other kind of gifts that they like and then recommend them gifts. Or obviously these brands are like more supplement focus. So anyways, yeah, this is probably more like Q5 area. But anyways, my, my point is is these are all of the offers you guys have access to this doc as well. I think the big thing that I'm going to touch on here is just like how to manage these offers and like how to go about making sure you don't shoot yourself in the foot. If there's more offers, like I said, I will, I will update this and I will notify you guys that I added some new offers. But as you guys can see, like, there's a, there's a lot of offers in here. But the main thing that you guys should really just focus on is a simplified core offer 
[00:36:04] with add-ons and reasons for people to spend more money. Okay. Next thing on here is just the way to manage your offer. Okay. The TL, the R to this and I think, where do I message? I think I mentioned this in Q4 specifically. What do I mention this? Importance of a developer. Maybe I don't mention it. Anyway, what I wanted to mention, and it looks like I got deleted, is that you're likely going to want to tear your offers going into Black Friday. Okay. And so what I mean by that is like how we would do this is like we're not going to launch the best offer that we can, that we can launch during Halloween. We're going to want, we're going to launch what we would call a starting offer. Okay. And so our start, our starting offer here, let's just say it's 20%. And again, you guys can do this however you want and I'm sure there's going to be a lot of questions around like, what if I'm already running an offer, what do I do, etc. So we're going to get to that. But I have what I call a starting offer where like this is a good offer. It's better than what I'm currently running, but it's not my best. Okay. And then as we start the Black Friday earliest sale, you kind of have two options. You can run what is called your medium offer or you can run your best offer right out of the gates. Okay. And so if my starting offer is 20%, my medium offer is going to be like 25% off. Okay. And then again, the Black Friday early sale is still going to be 25% off. And again, the dates are all here. So you know, starting offer is here, medium offer here, medium offer here. And then maybe the two weeks before I launch my best offer. And as you can see, we kind of just like scale up the offer. And so now my best offer is 30% off. This is the best offer that we're going to do. This is our final offer, official offer. And one thing I will say is 
[00:38:00] like, during Black Friday or BFCM weekend, if you want to add more things where it's like for Black Fridays, every Monday, only you, everyone gets free shipping, right? That's an additional thing that you can add. So it does kind of make your offer better. But the main thing is it's like your core offer should be at its best during this period. Okay. The big thing that I was, I was trying to mention to you guys and it's in here somewhere. But the big thing that I'm trying to mention to you guys is that you need to make sure that you don't make your offer worse during this period. Because what's going to happen is you're going to have Black Friday ads that say 20% off or 25% off, right? And if those ads are crushing for you, even though they say 20% off or 25% off, if those ads are sucking up a bunch of spend and have a bunch of purchased data inside of meta, just keep them running. Okay. Even if your offer goes to 30%, just leave them running. Okay. And in a weird way, sometimes our medium offer ads are actually our best ads during Black Friday and Cyber Monday because they have the most amount of data and they've been spending the longest. And there's a weird psychology thing that happens where it's like you click an ad for 25% off and then you go on the website and it's just 30%. You're like, holy fuck, this is as even better, right? And so it kind of sometimes works in your favor, not saying do that on purpose, but like if you have ads that are working that have a worse offer than what's currently on your website, just leave them running. Okay. But if you go, so for example, here from BFCM because BFCM is always peak, we then go into a back to a medium offer. We always go down. That's what we recommend our brands to do. Not every single brand does it. Some brands just keep their BFCM offer running all the way through and that's fine if you want to do that. But the main thing is is that if you are going to go down an offer, you cannot leave these 30% off ads running because if someone on the inverse side sees an ad for 30% off and then goes to the website and says 25%, there you'll be like, 
[00:40:00] what the fuck? I got scammed, right? And so always make sure that in your ads, you're fine to leave worse offers running. You cannot have best out. So even for example, if you launch BFCM specific ads that say like 30% off plus free shipping, free shipping this weekend only. And then you keep, you drop the free shipping, but you leave that ad on. People are going to be pissed. So this seems like common sense, but I'm telling you guys, I've seen your ad accounts. Like some of you guys do this shit. Okay. So like, please just focus on like the simple, the simple stuff here. And then extended holiday sale again, you can run a medium offer. You can go back to your starting offer. This is very dependent on what you want to do. But at the end of the day, this is how we usually manage our our sale process. Okay. And if you guys want sale names, we have a bunch of different sale names here. So last call, fall sale, fall flash sale, spooktacular savings. I think Sean came up with that one. We have Black Friday sale. I love VIP. I love anything that makes people feel special. So if you launch your like earliest sale on November 2nd, you'd be like, our VIP sale is now live. And the main thing that you're communicating with people because a lot of people no matter what are still going to hold out. And I have like a breakdown of what kind of happens week after week. But a lot of people are still going to hold out the main thing that you want to push during this period, especially in your ads for your Black Friday early sale or early sale ads is scarcity. Okay. If you guys have sold out or if you have a limited quantity, the thing is is like, even if you have one product that potentially has a limited quantity, it's like mention that, right? Like use the urgency and the scarcity of the fact that we have we sold out last year, or this is sold out three or four times, especially for a lot of you guys who've chatted scale to maybe broke your back in and had to scale down, like use that scarcity to your advantage. And the only reason why people are really going to buy during this early period is for the sake that it's guaranteed that they get it. And I love that language as well where guaranteed again, makes people feel safe where you can see where you can say 
[00:42:02] like guaranteed to get before Christmas or guaranteed to get like we sold out four times last year, like order now to guarantee that you get it, right? Things like that are really going to motivate people to potentially take a 20 or 25% offer when they know a better offers coming. Most people know a better offers coming. These people just want to make sure that they get it. Okay. Does that make sense? I know you guys are meaning Sean's spanking someone in the chat, so I've got I've got thumbs up. So yeah, sale offers are down here again. Black Friday sale for BF Sam, we really don't recommend complicating it, like just called a Black Friday sale. Another thing as well, Sean remembers this, but like we have this one brand where we were running Black Friday sale ads on Cyber Monday. He's like, you guys are fucking embassals. He's like, why are you running Black Friday sales on Cyber? He's like, are you guys idiots? And we're just like, I just sent him a screenshot of like, yeah, amateurs. I sent him a screenshot of like Jim Shark and like Nike and like all these brands all running Black Friday sales on Cyber Monday. So you guys can run Black Friday sale, Black Friday sale ads on Cyber Monday. It's not going to not going to change anything. Everybody sees BFCM or Black Friday Cyber Monday as one thing. And that's one thing that again, do not do damage. The way that you guys can do damage is like launching Black Friday ads. And then like, because it's Cyber Monday, you're like, I got to launch a bunch of new Cyber Monday ads. We've tested this and like our performance on Cyber Monday just flocked as a result because you got to switch all these new ads, ads go back into learning. Again, Meta's got fine. It's like, if you've got ads ripping with momentum, just leave them on. Okay. I know a lot of this stuff is common. So I'm not going to beat it down anymore. But that is the offer side of things. Dense is part. But like I said, just just keep this simple. If you guys want to add, you know, like plus free shipping or plus this out of certain AOV or whatever it is, you guys can add to your core offer. But just keep your core offer simple. Give something to everyone. Okay. And the number one thing is, well, I think you guys get this. But like don't discount products that people don't want. And then like, like some luxury brands will do this, whether like, you know, 70% 
[00:44:01] off. But the product everybody wants is like still full price. Like just give people a discount on the thing that they actually want. Okay. Creative wise. Pretty simple. I already kind of went over the BFCM. Well, yeah, here's the ad creative management. This is everything that I just explained about like never turn off ads with a worse offer. But if an ad has a better offer than what's on your site, you obviously got to turn it off. So that's everything that I just explained. Creative's are in here. There's also, I think an hatred board from like to you. That's crazy that evolve has been around for two years, bro. We're coming up on on three years, which is kind of nuts. There's an hatred board there as well. I don't want to dox client shit. So I just clicked off. And then like I said, there's the camp of dock that has the BFCM winning ads here for you too. Again, just like main thing with Black Friday creatives is like just have good ads going into Black Friday. I've said that before and it's the truest statement that I can say is just like if you go in with good ads, probably going to do well. And then shout out to Ben Zion. I always mispronounce his name. But something that he dropped from from last year was that every time he sees like comments under the ads or objections, what he'll actually do is you'll just like keep adding them to the ad and like create ads for that. And then he also did street interview ads specifically for Q4 that were like, what are you getting this person for Christmas this year? And then like those kind of crush, it's like, well, you should try to get them this. So you guys can be creative with the creatives that you're making, right? Like consider people are going to be buying gifts. Christmas is coming up. It's the biggest sale of the year, all that kind of stuff, right? You guys can make creatives and have your creators make content around that as well. Sean, I'm almost done and then we're going to go over to Sean. Q4, CRO, if you guys are in the CRO program, I'm probably just going to make this public to everyone to be honest with you because I don't want to make it look like I'm selling you guys the CRO program here just for one thing. So I'm going to ask my EA to transfer this into like the 
[00:46:04] the Q4 part of the classroom as well. This is essentially how we do our sales process like this OG YouTube video discount types overviews. But the main thing with this is like how to actually set up your site to be fucking dialed, how to make sure that like you have a duplicate theme so you can change sales very quickly. And if you're on Shopify plus, you can use I think it's called launch pad to schedule themes. This is how so care plot for just for context. When we managed their shit, we did that was the brand that we did like a 700 K plus day with and we just we did all of their CRO. Did you give you guys context? I think their conversion rate was like five or six percent and they have like a $275 or $300 AOV. So like these guys were fucking printing. Like their revenue procession was like a thousand or like ten ten dollars per session, which is absurd. Okay. So all of that CRO process that we did for them and for life and in all these big brands that we worked with is documented here. I'm not like again, I've already leaked all the links. So I'll share this with you guys. It kind of shows you like how to make sure you don't fuck up your website as well to make sure that you're like being clear with your sales. So like really bad examples of like shitty looking, you know, like offers versus like really good looking offers. Some things aren't like terrible, but just like shows you how to like update your collection pages and make sure the entire website is optimized. So again, I'll share this with you guys. This just kind of goes into everything. I also have one of our old developers, his name is Hadi is actually in the discord. But what we did and I kind of explain how you can stack savings in Shopify, which is fucking dope, where you can do like automatic discounts plus code discounts, where it shows a double discount and nothing makes people or nothing makes watch. I can't say this because Joanne's son is in the room. 
[00:48:02] But nothing makes mums more happy than seeing big discounts and big sales. Okay. So this kind of explains how we do that. This talks a little bit more about how to optimize landing pages as well. Uh, it says says pending Andrew, come on, we can find who deceased. It's Andrew. Anyway, so this I'll share this with you guys, but yeah, this was some custom code that we added. It's super saucy. I haven't really seen people talk about this before, but basically what this allows you to do is again, double stack discount codes, which like it just it looks sick. It's like it shows almost like you're saving twice. So it like shows the discount and then it shows another discount and that makes people feel like they're robbing you, which is what you want them to feel. Okay. So this is super saucy. I'll get Ben to transfer this over and you guys will see how this functions, whether you want to do it or not, it's totally up to you. Um, but yeah, that's that. So I don't really need to explain much more main website. Basically just says during this period as well, especially for you guys that are at scale, you guys should be a B testing on your homepage and product page right now, uh, different things. Uh, the browser is called ARC, uh, Jonas, ARC. Um, but yeah, you guys should be a B testing your, uh, your shit right now, whether you use IntelliGems or I think, uh, Nicolo has his own testing tool, but it's just like use a tool to a B test, different headline copy, different visuals and also again, going back to why we start our sale early, not just to test creatives. It's also to do split tests on the website, see what language is working better. So like when care pod had that massive, massive, massive sale period, uh, what we actually ended up doing is we were split testing things like this, which were like benefit driven, um, you know, like seasonal driven kind of headlines or sorry, here it is. This was like clean air and no filters, 
[00:50:00] big savings, right? So we kind of started with the product mechanism and the product benefits first, clean air and no filters, rather than what we split tested with this as well, which was like Black Friday sales, save 30% or 25% and this actually worked better. So we're like, huh, interesting. Okay, let's run this for Black Friday and it crushed. Okay. So during this period as well, it's so funny that this is 2024. This really feels like yesterday, bro. Um, this shit still applies. Like this is the exact same thing that we did last year is the exact same thing that we're gonna do this year. Like again, it's one of those things where some of this stuff is like more psychology-based versus like actual like tactic. Um, so anyways, it's, it's there for you guys to, to use. Uh, landing pages, same thing applies here. Again, a lot of you guys have shit loads of landing pages everywhere. Please make sure you guys are also updating your landing pages. This was actually something that we kind of tested. Sometimes updating your landing pages for like a few brands didn't actually really do anything. Like it didn't give us much of an uplift. Um, but we always just recommend like, hey, if you have landing pages, like just slap an offer on there that tells them Black Friday is also alive. Uh, we were even doing this on like advertiles and listicles and shit. Um, so anyways, yeah. Like make sure you guys update all of the pages. Like if you guys don't know how to find all of the pages that you're running, uh, either use a tool like Hria or just go into your ad report and add the URL and then you can just filter by URL and see all of the URLs that you're running to. Um, and then importance having developer. This is also something that I recommend. I know Sean, you have developer plugs and evolve. Um, but if you guys are like doing big numbers, like just have a dev that you can contact because if anything goes wrong, if your store is having a fucking glitch, especially if some of you guys are like going to try to build some of the shit that we're going to build or that I show you how to build here. Like if you guys watch this and you're kind of like, I don't get it. Just don't fucking do it. Okay. Like it, you're, you're so much better off not taking the risk of confusing people and breaking shit. Um, because like we broke a lot of shit when we were originally doing this. But again, if you guys are confident in this and this is making 
[00:52:01] sense, then do it. But my point is is like, make sure you just have a dev that can help you because if something's wrong on your website, someone on your team screw something up, like just have a dev that knows how to read code. I think a lot of you guys use cloth is your devs now. Um, but like having someone that knows how to read code and can fix shit is it can make or break your black Friday. So it's definitely worth it. Um, and then the number one thing as well that we recommend to people is a black Friday weekend is not for like doing split test and doing all this crazy shit. Like black Friday weekend is for scaling. Okay. If you want your team to keep making ads based off of what's doing well, you can definitely do that. Uh, and then you can definitely see if you ask Sean, black Friday weekends only focuses Chad scaling and playing Minecraft. Uh, so we will probably do it again where we play Minecraft. We'll have a server just for memes. Uh, that's usually just fun to screw around with and then you know, we'll refresh Shopify dashboards and and cook. But in reality, like if you guys have a team, your team should be looking at the ad account and they should be seeing what credits are doing well and creating more creatives over that weekend too. Now one final thing that I will say is like there's a sometimes controversy of like you should take the whole weekend off. Uh, like go be with family. It's Thanksgiving. Like if that's what you want to do, there's no judgment here. Like you can go and do that. But I think if you are someone that is in e-commerce, like Q4 weekend is like where should happens? Like go do your thanks, giving, spend time quality time with your loved ones. Don't be on your phone stressing out. Like go spend time with your family and then just get ready to fucking Chad scale either that night or the next day. All right. Um, but again, do whatever you want to do. It's totally up to you and how you want to spend your time. I don't judge you Grayson Will. Um, but at the end of the day, like this is the weekend where big things happen. So I'd highly recommend probably being online. Sean, uh, I've taken 55 minutes of this hour call. Um, I will now send it over to you to discuss back end. I might have to drop out at the at like the 10 or 15 
[00:54:01] minute mark. The only other thing that I actually just want to jump in. Sean asked you before you go because if I got a drop, um, I'm going to drop. But make sure you guys make a copy of this sheet and answer these questions. Okay. Um, it's really important to reflect on the previous year. Did you hit your goals last year? How much in total sales did you do? How much did you spend? Did you hit your targets? Did you make profit? Like go and review the previous year. If you don't have a previous year, then you don't have a previous year. Um, but preparation here, Sean's going to get a little bit more into this as well for like back in, uh, specifically, um, forecast Grayson's going to talk a little bit about that as well. Um, and then the second part of this is planning. So it's like, what are your actual targets? Like how much inventory do you need? You guys should have the big guys already know they've already placed orders probably a few months ago. Um, but like what is going to be your target? Like you need to have all of this laid down. Again, make sure you know your numbers, make sure you set your target based off your new numbers, all that kind of stuff. And then the rest of this is just basically like month by month. Core desires that are changing, right? Seasonal transformations that are happening. Any important dates, any preparation that you need to do, and there's some like optional stuff here. Sean has some add account stuff that he's going to get into. And then same thing. Again, November, here's the core desires. Here's the important dates. Here's some things that are going to happen. Your performance might eat shit this week. So, you know, expect that, but then get rolling and then expect to hang over after December. Again, this is how this document is laid out to basically to show you guys like what to do for that month or what's happening that month. I would definitely recommend looking a month ahead. So it's September. Obviously, make sure you go through everything in September and then look ahead to October. And then October, look ahead to November. And then November, look ahead to December. So you guys can be prepared. Um, and that's all I will leave on that point. Sean, I will now hand it over to you. And then if I got to drop, um, thank you guys for listening to my app session. Uh, but Sean, over to you, my friend. All right. Thank you, Mr. Spencer. So, oh, getting into it. Uh, back in was not something I wanted to discuss as much, but based on the questions I had the most recent few weeks, I think it's important to touch on. 
[00:56:03] So it's one of the biggest failure points you can have during Q4 every year is going to be the same thing and do just skill up. Oh, we skill too hard. Oh, my factory just can't produce stuff for me. Oh, guess what? I got charged right now. The store has a shutdown now. The brand is just gone basically. So we want to not get to there. Stop the shot. Just magically appear infinitely. Uh, if you guys ask me, dudes, real brands were preparing for this dog order like many months back. So it's kind of late, but there's two things we can do. So very, very basic supply chain tips to dummies. If you job shipping, simple one, you have your agent doing both two things for you. Both sourcing and fulfillment, which is a bigger failure point, but you got to do what you got to do. It can be soft. So since the agent worship the factory, you need to make sure there's two things whether the factory can handle extra Q4 volume, even if other customers factor them. So having information on what the capacity of the factory is important as well, if they already like sell only 80% percent right now, maybe they can't do that much for you during Q4 and that's something you need to prepare for to get different factories right now before it's too late. Same thing as well. Sometimes the factory is fine because your agent is too small, they're too cheap or pricing, but they're too small, they can't fulfill orders for you. You can also get various food. So right now is a very good time if you want to just pay a visit to your suppliers as well. People are doing this sooner. Just go there to check both the factories in your agent, whether they have a capacity to take on whatever. If things look too hectic right now, it's not going to go very well for you during Q4. It's just good to have in mind to have backups. Same thing as well. Although you're a job shipping still, it is always good to get some stock allocation. One of our strategies for the Dezellum Bird Calendar, we will touch on as well. It's important for you to also just increase anything happens. The factory is too small. You're not sure just the price of stock in advance. So it's more important also if you're booking direct with factory, which a lot more of you guys are doing already. I got some questions 
[00:58:00] around these the last few days also. Making sure that you have very good forecast in place, both not just in Q4 but in Q1 as well. Because you're clear for orders. If other Q1 orders in Q4, it's going to get delayed because of how backlog value one is. So you need to make sure that you have a forecast in mind because you can touch on it more as well. And if you really want to make sure that you don't stock out, your supply chain is fine. You need to do two things. You need to one get better credit symptoms if you're factory and you need to reduce the time. Most of this is covered in supply chain program but I'll explain it to you guys in a bit over here. There's a credit negotiation guide as well in school. You guys can go through it. How to get better symptoms if you're factory and soon is to reduce the time. Basically, how much time it takes for you to get your product shipped to you? Whether it's 60 days, how do you reduce it to 30 days? Basics of it. If you want to reduce the time, it depends heavily on your product. It can be as simple as, okay, let's say I'm doing supplements, I'm doing gadgets. For gadgets, it's okay, I'm going to buy the electronics beforehand and then they can just assemble it during then. I can drop my lead time from 30 days to 14 days. I'll explain if I'm graphic down the line that also explains why it's important. In case you guys don't understand why this is so important. Same thing as well besides the bottles, the raw materials, which also, you can buy the raw materials first and much less cost. You can also get, you pay an upfront quarter of the price for raw materials and you can only pay the rest after you make it. So, these two ways you reduce your lead time and you get longer credit terms. So, an ideal scenario, if you guys don't know what this means, I'll explain it a bit. Instead of, let's say right now, if you have net 30 terms, which means you pay after 30 days. Most of you guys, if you're with drop shipping agents, you don't have any of that. If you can get bigger terms, that's in 90 days, you only pay after 90 days. That means you can secure a bigger batch of stock order, cheaper prices, which gives you a bigger runway increase anything happens. Which is why people might say, "Oh, my cash flow is fine. I don't need net terms." 
[01:00:03] It's not just any for that. It's so you can secure future runway of your stock without much problem. So, let me zoom in a bit. So, the basics of what you guys do right now, I'm taking the example of supplements right now. So, you might take 30 days for you to do the bottles and fill in together. Let's say it takes 40 days for you to produce your product. It might be lower. I'm just overexaggerating for the sake of the example. It takes another 40 days for you to get a ship to your US warehouse, your Chinese warehouse wherever. If let's say you're shipping it to US and you're in this stage where you're stealing so hard, you didn't have to steal so hard, you're going to be in a constant stage of, "I'm sold out, I restocked, I sold out again." And it's also a very common problem that a lot of these fast-growing brands have. They can't keep stock in place all the time, which makes very unhappy customers. If you have, let's say, pre-bought your materials already, you pretty much cut the first 30 days. If a lead time can drop from three months to two months, which is what we want. So, you guys can review the infographic later on the line. It was not to optimize Google Doc, it means it's zooming a bit as well. So, someone asked me this question in the discord earlier today, so I'll explain to you guys why it's important. Although it's too late for Q4, you plan to zoom in Q1 already. Zoom in a bit more. Go to like 200%. Yeah, that's a bit better. There you go. All right. So, in this scenario for you guys, if you're just working with the factory now, with net 30 terms, basically, you make your first order, you might only get it in three months. And if you only ordered enough for, let's say, three months of stock, you're sold out, you know, at this point, over here. But what happens if you sell out too fast, right? You may, let's see, you at this 120-day point, you sell out already. But at this point, you can't get your order 
[01:02:00] in time, basically, because it takes 90 days for you to produce your product. You basically need to buy, you stock for your second order before the first order even lands, which we don't have the cash flow or capital to do so. I also want to keep taking notes. It's not really possible for us to do it this way. The ideal scenario is once you reduce your lead time, you get better net terms. Let's say in this ideal scenario, you actually fill your boat much earlier, it gets to your warehouse as much earlier, because you have bigger net terms, you can get a much bigger order. Let's see your order for, you know, five and a half months, you see our three months. So you have so much runway right here, where, okay, if something happens in the first month or second month, I see the maturity change so much, I can actually readjust and reorder again in the middle or the first quarter of this period where I'm selling. So even have it down here, I don't have it online. Which is why it's ideal to do both things, reduce lead time, as well as extend your runway. If not, you're going to be a constant cycle of you never install customers are very unhappy all the time. You trust by that your reviews, I'm not going to look very, very good. It might be a bit confusing for you guys, but you guys can look at the infographic more deeply than online. So we are doing two things, right, increasing our buffer, and reducing our lead time. So this would be a more runway to pivot if anything happens. And since you get the leverage to buy bigger orders at a time, you get much better pricing as well. So overall customers are happy you get more margin. You would never get stocked out in the first place. Everyone brings you can go scale even bigger, especially for you guys who are supplement brands going into Q5. You guys gotta start thinking about this now already, not until bit too late. But that's the supply chain side of things. Yeah, if you do scale too hard though, if you did scale too hard, which always happens, sometimes you can predict how hard you scale. Let me see if I can pull up my landing page example. So pre-orders. 
[01:04:02] What's that? Okay. We always do the same thing every single year with pre-orders, where we have this widget in case we sell out. We always say something like this, pre-order, the current batch is sold out, the net batch almost sold out. So it's just two things. One, make sure that the customers are not too unhappy. If you just sell it as usual and then you just tell them it's delayed, you're gonna get a lot of chargebacks. Whereas if you actually informed them beforehand that it's gonna be a pre-order, they're usually quite chill about it as long as you communicate actively. And so your conversion rate actually can stay the same or even improve because you're actually pushing genuine urgency. And for you to do this like widget, honestly, just give it a clot, faible 5.1, you can one-shot it easily as well. You don't really need a dev to do it for you. So even if you're sold out, where it's case scenario, you put this in place, it'll be fine. I will say usually if the pre-order like it arrives longer than three months, you might see a dip in conversion rate. But beyond that, it works very, very effectively in case you're sold out. This will be like a backup situation. Besides that, make sure your Facebook assets are all back up as well. It's a school module around the whole setup for this, having multiple profiles, pages. Although you're running everything clean, there's still a chance that you get sucked for no reason just because you're traveling, you use different card details, whatnot. You can get banned as well. So better be safe and sorry. And the main thing besides that for all backend things, so supply chain, customer service, is make sure that you always communicate very, very actively. Your suppliers need to know what's happening, your customers need to know what's happening. If you scale too hard, even your payment process is like you're providing to know what's happening. But that's pretty much it for the Q4 backend stuff. So you want to cover the other things, sensor or arm? You're good. Keep cooking, bro. 
[01:06:02] You're good. I'm probably going to drop here in a couple of more minutes, but this is good. Easy. Yeah. So for September, October and November, the dates you really have in mind, like Spencer said, make sure you just review all these questions. These questions you need to answer yourself. Things to prepare as well, we already provided you guys a checklist on things to do, things like getting backup payment processors, backups for banks, usually everything. Everything you have is really here already. The only thing is that the core desires you guys need to know, when Spencer mentioned about desire calendar as well, we also have it listed for September October and November. How did I desire this shift? What I've asked you need to make September, it can be, hey, back to school season, greeting ads around that status being seen as a good parent, whereas December's very straightforward. A lot of it is going to be belonging, gifting, whatnot. Everything will be in here. Same thing October. Everything is in here, November as well, December, everything will be in here. Is the Grayson still here or did he jump the early? Yeah, Grayson, the thing he jumped the early. We also have a follow-up call in one or two weeks from now, because we covered important things you need to know for the sale and Q4 in general. But we also want to have a separate call for Q5, text strategy, emails, and tap suprints for Q4 and going into Q5 as well. That's pretty much it then. Cool. I know we didn't really leave a time for Q&A and whatnot. If you guys have any quick questions, we can talk about some or maybe show them like to you guys. I want to talk about one thing, which is just like existing offers. I just mentioned that and then realized I didn't talk about it. But like Sean said, next Wednesday, we're going to do Grayson's Q5 and forecasting and tax call and stuff like that. But if you guys don't have any questions, that's a good thing. That means hopefully you guys got everything you need. But yeah, just make sure you guys make a copy of that doc for yourself. Go through it or send it to your team and make 
[01:08:00] sure you guys fill it out and you have everything organized and you actually, I would recommend that you guys have a call with your leads or with your team to be like, here's what's going on in Q4. Here's our targets. Here's what we're going to do. Again, your guys' job as the operator is to kind of like paint the vision and let them know what even if it's a small vision for Q4, like a lot of know what the goal is and then everybody start working towards it. Yeah, Rainer. So what you just said, like what if you already run 50% off? This is the situation that so many of you guys fall in, which is you already are kind of running. I would say like at your bottom offered. So curious to get Grayson's take on this. I think for subscriptions and I think for kind of like MRR and LTV really in general, the Q4 approach is slightly different, which is why we're going to have him do a call because like most supplement brands, like you might see some uptick during Q4, but like not really. So you're not going to see that get insane lift. Like for example, we have a brand like that that humidifier brand that sells $250 humidifiers. We're doing 25% off sale like bro, they're going parabolic, right? And so back like to the existing offer side of things, if you guys are like subscription MRR and like slashing your prices down more is probably not going to do that much for you. So that's just the first thing I'll say. We can say that question for Grayson as well because I'm really curious to get his take on it. When it comes to those of you that potentially have like one off products that people are buying or maybe you're not super heavy MRR focused, I always just recommend like try to do a better offer. Like just even if you even if you rebrand the offer, that's what most of you guys do. You just rebrand it from summer sale to now you're probably running Labor Day sale and then just going to go into like fall sale and it's just the same offer the entire time. Truthfully, you can do that. Will it be as effective as if you run if you actually run a better offer? I would say no. And the reason being is because if you guys filter by impressions, 
[01:10:00] if you go year to date and just like look at how many impressions you have, it's going to be in the millions, probably tens of millions for some people hundreds of millions, okay? If you take a look at how many people have actually purchased, it's not going to be tens of millions or hundreds of millions, which if it is, that's kind of cool. But it's it's not, okay? And so the reason why I mentioned that is because there's so many more people who are just going to see your brand all year and kind of like wait until Q4 to like get the best price versus people who have just like already bought. And so what I would say is like if you can actually give a better offer for Black Friday, do it. The bear bottom that I would recommend you guys do not dip below is like 60% margin. Like that is like bottom, bottom, bottom margin. I think most people would even say like don't go below 70. Unless you're like higher AOV, sometimes higher, higher AOV brands, you can get away with like 50% margins because you just have more dollar spread. But like I really wouldn't recommend that you go below is 60% margins. And so if you're already running at like 60% margins, then like you might have to do what I think that's a guy from Mexico. What's his name? Adrian. I think that's Adrian in the chat. But like you got to start implementing a complimentary things. Okay. Sean, can you mute? I'm muted, bro. Just mute yourself. Calvin, please. Thank you, bro. You got to just add more value. Okay. And the the reason why I mentioned this is like I said, because there's so many people that will see your offer. They're holding out and then like, you know, Black Friday and it comes and it's still the exact same offer. And so well, those people buy, well, percentage people buy, yes. But I just, I'm a believer where it's like give people the best offer. Like it's Black Friday. Like just give them a good offer. So if you're running 50% off, like run 60% off just for Black Friday. Like see what that does. Then it's also said, and like again, this is why we have in the offer document or the offer slide deck that I 
[01:12:04] showed you guys, all of the add-ons and all of the additional offers. And so if you just want to rebrand your existing offer, even though maybe you don't have the room to to give a bigger percentage off or a bigger dollar amount off, then just make sure you add more add-ons. So like try to work hard now to like give people a better offer from an add-on perspective, whether that's a gift, whether that's store credit, whether that is free shipping, any of those types of things are potentially a bigger discount if they reach a specific threshold, like I talked about. Those are the things that you guys are probably going to have to rely on. Most of you that are already running your best offer and can't really go go lower, you're just relying on the add-ons and you're relying on the season 9 of Q4 to hopefully just rip for you. Which don't get me wrong, you definitely still can do well. I'm just always a believer of like give people the best, like Black Friday is the time in the year where people expect the best offer. So like just give them the best offer. And all those people who are in your funnel waiting for your offer to like be the best offer and then it's still the same offer, it's like fuck these guys. Like sometimes that's just how it is. So anyways, that's that's my advice for those of you guys that already are running heavy existing offers. And like to be fair, like a lot of our brands right now, they're already running crazy offers. Like they're running really good offers. But for Black Friday, we're just going to run a better one, right? And you have to understand that the reason why we're doing that is to maintain kind of a brand presence as well where it's like, hey, when Black Friday comes, we do a sick offer. And so yeah, there's a lot of psychology around offers and some people are like, don't believe it. Some people do believe it. I am just a believer where it's like, give somebody what they want, give them the best offer of the year. And then that even allows you to say that we have never done this price before or this is the best offer all year. Like I know you guys are going to say that anyways. Regardless of you guys changing your offer, but like if you actually change your offer, then hopefully you'll feel a little bit better about it. That's it. I'm not sure the answers questions, but that's kind of that's that's my take on existing offers. If you can do it, do it. If you can't really really focus on add-ons. 
[01:14:02] And then obviously you're just going to be kind of rebranding your sale. But yeah, that's that. Sean, good. Yeah, it's all good. I think one thing that popped up a few times as well as people ask when should they start testing offers. Honestly, like all pages at least for BFCM, you should have tested it like during the day. Kind of forgot to update you guys. If you guys want to test it before for a following sale, you can test different things there as well to get ready for BFCM. Yeah, just start testing it out. Like again, like you guys saw the sales that are coming up, right? Like there's fall sale that you guys could run right now with a smaller offer. I'm honestly like, I'm not even really the bit like there's some people who say like, oh, I'm going to split test offers over email. I think that's actually kind of dumb because like that's an existing customer that's not a new customer. So like I don't really care what offer my existing customers prefer. I mean, it's better than no data, but I also don't think it's like the best data. And then I also think like if you just use common sense, like I told you guys of just like percentage off to all they're off, that's going to be the best offer. Like I don't really know what more you guys want to test. Like obviously what I would test if I were you is like all of the add-on offers and you can test those at any time if you want. Like it's not that complicated to test. But I just think yeah, like should I test by one get one? Should I test percent or should I test dollar off? The rule of thumb if you're deciding between dollar off and percentage off is just choose the bigger number. So if 20% off of $10 is $2, well then go with 20% off. But if 10% off of a $300 product or sorry yeah 10% of the $300 product is $30. So say $30 off. It sounds better than 10%. That's usually kind of like the rule of thumb that we go with. Giveaways Tom as in like I mean I have I have a feedback survey giveaway that we run. But like sweepsate giveaways now. 
[01:16:01] I don't really care too much for them. I know people that run them. I'm very much like keep it simple. Like just keep it simple and give people what they want rather than doing all this crazy shit. Like some people run a new offer like every day and I'm just like fuck that. Like even with the brand that did like 1.7 in a day. I mean yeah sure we're going to give away a car feel free. But that's like I don't think that's Q4. That's not like Black Friday specific. I think they were just doing that evergreen. But yeah I'm a big fan of like just keep it simple. Like that brand that we that we were working with you know they do like 150 million years something like that. And they had this schedule for like we're going to do a sale on this day sale on this day sale on that day and then change it this day. And I was like that's fucking stupid. I was like just keep one offer. They're like really I was like yeah. And then their Black Friday last year was fucking light years better. They had the like a beyond record day and record Black Friday versus the previous year when they changed the offer every fucking day. So I just keep it simple and scale right especially if you guys are heavy at focused. Yeah thank you cards gift vouchers gift and gift wrapping is a fucking no-brainer material. So like if you if you have the ability you're back in again torture suppliers have to people if you can sell gift wrapping with it or you can get a gift wrap extra three bucks extra four bucks extra five bucks. You're doing a thousand orders a day not bad. Sean I'll let you wrap up. I've got to go before the fiance stabs me in the face of the knife because I'm 20 minutes late for the gym. But I appreciate you guys. Thank you for tuning in. It's going to see so many guys here. Pump for Q4. Sean I'll let you wrap up here. See you guys. 