
[00:00:00] This was initially just supposed to be a dinner meetup. Turns out we had a mastermind in the end So in this room, of course, we have people all the way from doing seven figures to do to do eight figure months So of course, there's a lot of people here. Make sure that you connect, you know, mingle around with other people as well But first things we're gonna be doing some introductions as well Obviously, everyone here came here to learn something. They have a reason to come here. If not, you know, you guys didn't have any problems We all be hitting billion dollar Man's already so unfortunately We all have problems. It's we're gonna try to solve today. So first off we're gonna do some introductions So I think we'll be starting from the back. We'll just be introductions on, you know yourself who you are What did you come here and what problems do you want to solve today? Cool All right cool to do it and kick us out bro. All right, let me pause the music Yeah, I've got you oh Cool All right, so you stand up bro, stand up so I bring to you Whole point of this is well guys And so you guys can all like these tight groups are honestly It's the best way to do it because you guys all get to connect meet each other Also, if you haven't like if you've made like a little group of friends make sure you guys go introduce yourself after this as well Go meet as many new people as you can tell you guys the best you can do but to start obviously I just said Actually, just start a econ three months ago and I generally fall so yeah I'm just trying to soak up all the information from everybody given good numbers And if you have a do you have a question bro because we're gonna what we're gonna do as well as we're gonna start writing down Any questions that you guys have and then we're gonna try to knock out as many of them as we can so do you have a specific question? Right creative What is there anything specific about creatives or just creatives in general? 
[00:02:00] I'm having a bit of trouble with the marketing awareness stages try to get more familiar with them and Actually the whole process of pumping up great is that scale? Grids and do like dash scale in market awareness Hi guys, my name is C1 from France for now. I'm doing a native absolutely So I don't give all the start doing Facebook two weeks ago so My program I would say for now just this goes through the decent phase because It's been one week. I'm cooking so That's official. Let's see Do you have any do you have any questions you want to add on the board? Not really a choice going to be so I didn't say so we need program one of hopefully My name is Anthony. I'm from Australia I have a drop shipping store which I'm turning into a brand the main problems would be Same with creatives and living with speed how to smash it out quicker I just feel like I said a really long process Good question, bro Hello, my name is Yanda from Canada So I run several print on demand stories The best thing about it is system so if anyone needs help like system wise I think I have a lot of systems and output board my team is constantly building stuff one year The question I have a lot of questions trying to scale to the next level. So I guess hope to want right now Right now. I'm having a hard time with having a good feedback group So I will have some ideas and I'll take a couple weeks for them to become Realization go from ideation to the lunch that I can so I'm just not sure what 
[00:04:05] to do about this sometimes I'm kind of like wasting resources And another question I have is from one of my grants are about to launch a product. I'm just wondering What your guys processes? I'm testing new products because it's not really mentioned and of course it's much so Skilling up. These are same prime. Cool Yeah, my name is still I'm in Germany. I just needed you to like and Also, I don't have any questions. I'm just here to the next There you go bro easy so I also from Germany and Yeah, I have a fashion brand in running in seven eight months They originally started as drop shipping and right now. I think the biggest problem is that they're turning into a brand Our potential is kind of tainted as we've been doing ball shipping and the police always like sometimes from you there and The biggest driver announced changing to a credit approach especially a special brand There's like this big thing with community as well, and I always feel like Being able to go to the community is always also based on a good product as well And just that shit from option to like full proper brand It's kind of really like It seems to take me long. Maybe we'll do something wrong It just feels really like tedious and I'm just trying to get some stuff and maybe yeah some sometimes cool Hey young girl Peter I'm from Brazil Right now I have like a dark pink store that I'm also trying to turn needs to paint a brand right now like my biggest problem is making sure my creative team is doing like 
[00:06:04] the same quality as I will do and my question for you would be like How you structure your bonuses with the creative thing with them is like everybody is motivated by my money Not fully by money, but everybody has to put good in the table. So that's nothing special good pleasure Cool Yeah, give it. Yeah, that's you guys want to go back around there you go I did a one-day orthopedic shoe company dropshipping for the last four years and then I just next to the November and then purchase a supplement company. So now I'm just going that up and kind of getting used to MRR now, so I'm adding subscriptions So I guess my biggest struggle is kind of getting into subscriptions and learning how to increase my Like time value of some church and customers and then also providing just a ton of value to learn so they're happy So, yeah, attention There you guys my name is Nicky that I'm from Ukraine and I started the company at school I'm in the civil situation in scabriel. I have supplement brand. I'm kind of also getting some subscriptions So that's one of a I just want to learn How to get into those how to make sure that my supply chain is locked in That's it I have a plus one or just like add a one next this This thing for me right now, it's just Big right now, I'm gonna like build on the team and maintain a high quality green belt But it's certainly focused on other things to keep on. See that in the brand up like we'll type step into your model So I'm thinking the main question of the shot already was that I'm expanding them with questions about that As you should bro, everybody needs to spam this guy It comes back to shut it up 
[00:08:20] biggest question is how to customize things and Learn to like be CEO instead of like doing little tasks in my teeth my brand that like don't move the needle delegation I'm just Person grab Mike a lot of the shades man I've been equals it's two years and I'm really here for just connecting and figuring out that they get Oh easy. Do you have a question around affiliate sir? I mean What part of affiliates do you mean by getting influencers to post or Can Hello my name is Moosa My question would be it's like how do you build and structure a team that can produce quality like a tab like Pull the system like in here right into five pieces Plus one for building Yes, my name's open I've been equal for one and a half years Last month, I saw all my general fashion friendship stores to go fully down on the planning My main question would be how do it set advice like a good crafisty 
[00:10:05] Not sure everybody loves the brand comfort within some or two years ago I'm gonna create a nice community of creators who is willing to Stay in the in the team and it simplifies all the creates as well as the joy in their create this deal So there will be a big pressure for today though Can you do already have affluence? Lean on my seat Hey guys, my name is Anthony, I'm from study, but I didn't feel anymore I'm going to be in work series. How do I go from then doing all the creative fairs I go before doing all the creative by myself to hire your first artist Once you after like what exactly to do After you have first of these like what's gonna be your opinion or they be work or they work for you specifically like what to do Yeah I'd like just I'd like and know that's it. So I remember like what to do or 
[00:12:06] like time What to do Hi guys, I'm Dan I'm from the UK been in the comfort of two and a half years and I see my biggest problem and what I want to learn is to gain systems team building and also Martin funnels as well See my folks on and something that I like Funnels like Sierra back-end stuff I'm more presenters You got space in there somewhere. Oh, pretty behind you No one for team Oh Yeah First of course we're here for a mastermind so us just speaking that it's not really a mastermind 
[00:14:00] So a lot of people here, I build their own things really is it Does anyone else have anything to say about team building I Can start because I've built a really shit team before I Built a pretty good one as well Okay, so for you guys Specifically because I'll say you guys for those of you that don't know I think most of you have it We have an agency as well. So the agency space is literally just hiring Teams and clients. That's all that's all we do For us specifically, I think the biggest mistake that people make is you hire people Because you need to For us at the agency space We would sign a client and it's like well fuck we got a you got to make deliver ables next week Right earn two weeks and so like if we don't have a editor or a copyright or something like that We're fucked. So we have to hire people, right? That's the wrong Mentality to have you guys should really only be hiring people because you want to hire them And I've mentioned that a few times before but like I cannot stress how important that is like it doesn't matter Even you know like Santi here spending eight hours a day doing everything It's like should he be doing that like probably not but the point is is like you have to make sure that you're hiring the right people And you actually want to hire them porn stuff there is like gut check as well Like if you're looking at a dude or a girl and you're like well, you know, she kind of knows her stuff Like I think I think she could work Don't don't compromise. That's the biggest thing. I'll say so that's just like hiring in general Like do not like do not go against your gut and don't just hire somebody because you're like I don't want fucking do this anymore, right? Make sure it's the right person. He's a bad hire Cost you guys so much more money than you actually understand. There's some dude but like a 300 person company was talking at the event was that in January and he hired like a CMO This was like a million or not a million are hires like half a million are higher and he said that one fuck up Cost him actually 10x that's almost five million dollars because of how much 
[00:16:02] that guy screwed shit up So for you guys specifically like big emphasis on not just hiring people because you need to because you want to that's the first thing I'll say the second thing that I'll say is you also have to look at what ways You can build teams. So from from my perspective, there's like two ways to build teams You can build them bottom up, which is what most people do, right? What's the first hire you guys make usually like a video editor to help you guys with your ideas, right? Then some of you guys probably hire like a copywriter and then some of you guys will maybe hire, you know Some kind of junior credit strategist by the end of the day like you're still running the whole ship So that is what most people do because it's like the cheapest way to do it, right? If we were to keep building teams at the agency, we might not sure what we would actually do is we would hire Pop down. So that means is rather than hiring like a video editor first Which you guys most of you guys probably already have so it might not apply as much But try to find like a strategist first and then once you actually have a leader at the company When you hire new people underneath that leader, they manage that team, right? So if you guys are trying to build multiple teams That's like the hack to not have you run around everywhere and then awkwardly like we're in a position right now We're having to bring in somebody to manage people that have been working at the company for like a year and a half or two years, right? So there's two ways to build it like I said But I think for you guys assuming that most of you probably have a lot of your like video editing and maybe copywriting stuff delegated you're obviously looking for creative strategist, which is the final thing that I'll mention here because I'll be honest guys like it's fucking hard like these people are I don't like it's a bad Belief to say that they're hard to find but the truth is is they are right like these people are the most high-end demand people right now Because everybody's realized like media buyers can't do fucking shit anymore, right? It's all creative it's all content So there's kind of two options that you guys have and obviously you guys being in the program You have a huge weapon with that because you can just fucking hire somebody and 
[00:18:01] use our program to train them You know what I'm saying but Again, there's two things that you guys can do you can try to go out and find a really good strategist That's already fucking dialed. We did that once Last year we hired this girl. She worked that like mute six Which is a fucking huge agency she tled brands so a couple million dollars a month We hired her on like do first month scale one of our brands from like a hundred can spend a 250 Like just right away. I didn't have to do shit. She just did it all Those people are gonna be those people are gonna be a lot harder to find so just know that that doesn't mean like you guys should stop looking for them But you're probably gonna have to do some head hunting. I was chatting with Nate about this as well. You're gonna have to go and like Find these people because if you're just hoping to find them on a job, you know posting on LinkedIn or fucking indeed like They're already working you just you're kind of hoping to time the market to find those people The other thing that you can do is you can hire someone that's like just got a lot of drive we recently hired somebody as a copywriter and I could just tell like she wanted to get after it and She had some potential and this is why you should say copywriters are like a good place to start and Long story short we probably trained her for about a month and a half and now she's just popping out winning ads I'd add that I don't know if you guys saw the loom video that we did for that care pod brand The commuter firebrand is spending like 10k a day right now. She made that on her own So it's like she went from not knowing really jack shit about creative strategy went through our program did some shadowing and now She's a savage. So those are the two options that you guys have for that as well. Obviously, it's easier I would say to find someone that has drive than it is to find someone that has drive anti-skill set But just know that your pay is gonna vary like some of you guys are trying to find creative strategies for like 3 4k a month and can you find some of those people overseas sure but for the most part like we're paying our creative Strategy just like 8 to 10k a month, right? And they usually have big incentives with that which is another thing that maybe let Sean touch on But just understand yeah, those are your guys's options the I think the only other thing that I would say 
[00:20:00] When it comes to creative strategy specifically is you have to make sure that you guys actually have like clear cut This is what you're doing and here's how we're gonna track how well you're doing That's something that we fucked up terribly like we had no data anywhere I just had people running around. I didn't even know they were doing well Like if you're if you're a KPI for them is like I think they're making when he knows and you don't actually have clear like Deliverables for them. I'm did they meet those deliverables and what is their hit rate and all those numbers that actually matter for you guys? You're it doesn't like you have to hire a complete unicorn for them to actually figure it out So make sure as well that when you hire these people it's very clear Like here's everything that you're going to do and then from that point as well Make sure it's very clear what success is because a lot of people come in like we hired this landing page guy And he thought success was just like building the fucking page I was like, I built three pages last month. I was like, bro That's not success like success is actually finding a page that scales, right? And a lot of these people just don't know that right because we're on our heads We've got a million things going on we expect people to know what we want But you have to make sure expect expectations are extremely clear as well Okay And so for us what we do is we have certain deliverables that they have to meet every single week and we track them on that Every single week and we also make sure that they have specific KPIs. So that way. It's very very black and white It's like, okay, did you do this? Did you make I don't know 10 concepts or five concepts this week? Yes or no, and how many of them actually hit none, right now you can have a conversation that says You're meeting deliverables, but you're not making winning ads What the fuck's going on here like where do you need help? And that's the final thing that I'll put even though I think I said that three times already is you have to make sure that you're investing time into these people because these are going to be high-level Leadership people that essentially are part of the most important part of your company, right? Like none of you guys all you guys run on Facebook ads, right? You guys were except for Thibola there. He's native guy But this is like this is extreme higher So like you guys should really make sure that you're putting time in to develop them properly have them shadow you and you are a coach Right and that's one of the hardest things to do is to become a coach 
[00:22:03] Rather than just if you see them fucking up just stepping in and like doing it for them Because that's what we all do and I do it all the time, but that's the wrong way to do it You have to be a coach right like if you look at fucking Bill Belichick He wasn't out there throwing touchdowns, right? Brady was which obviously if you can find a Tom Brady makes it a little bit easier I don't even know if any of you guys know what American football is in here. It 's every nation of Europe But anyways the point is it's like you can't play the game for them You have to coach them right and so that piece is like the final piece along with the KPIs along with the training From the program that you can give them but actually making sure you're investing time with these people is super super important Okay, do you have a question in your hands up go ahead? Make sure to stay in my head It's like there's like this one thought that it comes up when I think about it It's that I'm gonna be investing a lot of time in them Then you're like you know, they're in a machine They're a savage, but then they're going to get a better offer or whatever it may be that can happen but with like especially with like either people that often are not there mostly like From your country to come be divided over a contract. So, you know, they can do whatever you want, right? So how do you make sure or like just by incentives or yeah? And I think that's where I think it was a juvie tour that mentioned this It's not all about money like vision is super important, bro Like a lot of you guys I mean nobody asked a question like how do you build up? Well, somebody asked brand but like how do you build vision? How do you like motivate people like money is only so much of a motivator? You know what I'm saying? Like people obviously want to make money and there's people that are driven by money But people also want to be passionate about what they're doing this junior creative strategist that we hired a copywriter That is now our creative strategist at the agency like she is fucking obsessed with the company, bro Like she does not stop talking about it She's like literally going to bed thinking about ad ideas Like she just loves the culture and the community that we have at our at our agency And it's like that in itself is so important to keep people there because there 
[00:24:01] are people that you know Get offers all the time that big agencies like Eddie Eddie Maloof runs a company if anybody knows bad marketing If you've worked with them and had a shared experience I won't tell them but the point is is like he has people come and try to poach his people all the time But they don't leave right double the salary But why don't they leave because they love working with Eddie and they want to be a part of what he's doing So for you guys, it's like it's the same kind of thing like and I know you had a question about drive So I'll go to that But it's super important to make sure that you have something that people are actually like excited about right It's like look at all the other benefits and I think I was talking to Nate about this too It's like you have to sell you like you have to sell to these people You can't be like oh come and work with me and like, you know fucking that's what you're gonna do It's like it should be you should be pitching like the best people you're pitching to come and work at your company And you're selling everything else as well We're gonna go to this amount of revenue per month if we can get there You're gonna be making this amount and you're also gonna have the opportunity to lead a team and train all these people And you're gonna have an opportunity to go up into maybe be CMO level blah blah blah blah blah right You have to like sell this vision to them and that is what motivates them to stay even when there's a check that comes by That's bigger that makes sense and then the second thing is like how do you find those people specifically? I can I can go through a bit of our hiring process because we have it flow charted out But the most important thing is something we don't do But I would recommend you guys do is you can actually do like a mini personality test on these people and you can kind of see Based on that personality test like and sometimes you have to pay really good people to do it We've actually are starting to explore like paid assessments But you can actually just put them through a personality test and like see what the personality type is And then just take that to chat you be team be like is this person like a driven person and it'll tell you yes or no Like was it like and so that's what we're implementing right now But the other thing is yeah Just like the assessment itself also tracking how long it takes them to do the assessment and honestly man again It's just a gut feeling like if you're chatting with someone you can tell they 're excited You can tell that they're passionate about it and like they really want to be there That's that's what I look for and it's like it's it's sometimes hard. You can't you just have to trust your gut with it It's hard to be a hundred percent right because bro. I've hired people that I thought we're gonna be savages They come and work with a company for a month and they quit. I'm like what the 
[00:26:02] fuck so it's gonna happen Like I mean how many people have you hired in your life Just overall like how many people have you hired a decent amount of people On your marketing team I'd say specifically we love our BA's So like the point is and like for us right now even like we've hired I don't know fuck me man probably like 50 or 60 people at this point Like we were hiring like two or three people a month last year because we were trying to scale that way It's like you're gonna eat shit hiring people like it's just gonna happen because the first time you've ever done it It's like you're new to doing it. We're gonna be here to try to help you guys to like limit those pitfalls and stuff like that But it's like it's gonna be normal for you to not be great at finding the best talent yet But I mean sometimes you get lucky like I fucking found this guy on Upwork and I'm fucking four years ago, right? So it's like the point of it is is you're gonna have to trust your gut importantly, but No, I don't want to say expect to suck, but like it's okay if you're not an expert at hiring right now Like everything else yeah I mean Yeah, we've probably found most of our best people from LinkedIn or indeed recently Or head hunting it's like it's like so we have it categorized by We have accessory rules. These are like your media for us like media buyers You know people that you're paying like usually less than 3k a month media buyers video editors graphic designers Like those are accessory rules for us. You can find those people really fast Like I think our time to hire for that is like 26 days or something like that For kind of senior roles we call them. These are like our copywriters or I mean 
[00:28:05] I don't know like for us we have a bunch of different positions at the agency But like landing page builders like they're not leaders But like they need to be a little bit more senior that takes us about 35 days or so to hire But for like our leadership roles, which is what our creative strategist is It's like that takes like right now dude. It's taking us two and a half months to find our proper creative strategist Like because we're being extremely fucking picky like I did because I hired I hired six then last year fired them all So I fucked up a lot with that so but the point is like now I know what needs what a good strategist looks like but LinkedIn and indeed for like those leadership roles is usually where we go like we try to if you guys can honestly like Finding people in Canada is fucking sick because like our dollar is super shit. It's like a dollar 40 So you can pay someone like six to seven K Canadian, which is like a good salary and that costs you guys like four and a half K So like you get you can like kind of play currencies with that But yeah, those these leadership roles like create a strategist specifically Usually in Canada or the US and we go those people we find on LinkedIn and indeed Let me I'm listening. I'm sure I pull up the flow chart Yeah, all right fuck it. Let me see here. Let me pull up the old Figma Actually, no, it's in it's in whimsical is where it is Give me two seconds, bro And I'll send this to you guys as well in the chat after everybody's in the evolved this word or like the I think some People still aren't with the we'll figure it out. It's okay. I'll send all this shit over to you guys there, but Where's our hiring engine? There it is Cool. So this is into our process. I'm not gonna go through every single step 
[00:30:00] But first thing we do is job post Once we get the job posts we ask them to send a loom So we'll we'll go through that initial screening basically And so the initial screening is like send a loom because like sometimes you'll see like profile This is gonna sound really fucking weird, but I used to hire based on looks as weird as it sounds Like if somebody just looks like an idiot, I'm like no but That was so weird, but we ask them to send looms because I want to see you know I want to see their what the cool case they know their aura I want to see like what they're like, you know like I want to see them on video talking about shit So we do looms from there. We get a pretty good idea and in that loom We're like why do you think you're a good fit for this position, etc, etc From there we review them either their their yay or nay, and then from there I have a I have a hiring manager who does all my initial screening this for you guys right now If it's you it's fine But like she her calendars for every single week is what we're always hiring which is another thing I'd say to you guys is like just always be hiring honestly like we've had a job posting out for a credit strategist for like four months Like we just never we're always like and that's a that's a next thing I'll say not to go sidetrack here like if somebody better comes in even after like we just hired a dude. He's he's In his probation period right now. He's doing okay. If somebody better like I have two interviews next week These two dudes look better So I'll fucking cut that guy I'm gonna hire the next best dude and even if you have someone's been at your company for like four five six months You guys are always hiring and some one of those like unicorns is in the market and applies Dude, you gotta hire that person right because they're gonna be better. So That's just a small point, but we do the initial interview. What we're doing here is we're looking for like personality traits, right? Like we're doing this initial screening of I'll send you guys the questions as well And this is also in discord, but it's basically like, you know, what you know What why aren't you working is the question that I was on ask like, you know, did they just get fired like, you know What were they previously doing? You know, I'm just trying to understand a little bit more about this person specifically 
[00:32:00] I'll send you guys the questions that we use and then from there they either get a yay or nay on that after that We send them an assessment. This is something that's so so so so important, especially for a credit strategist Just know that these bigger rules. You might have to do paid assessments We haven't done that yet, but that's actually where you fucking pay somebody like they're hourly rage to do an assessment Which is crazy, but you might have to pay 200 bucks or 250 bucks for someone actually do an assessment for you Because they're gonna be charging 50 to 60 bucks an hour depending on how complex your assessment is But most of ours is free or most of the assessments that we send out right now are just like do it yourself We're not gonna pay you once we get that that goes to like our what we call our SME Which for you guys subject matter expert that would be you guys so you would review the assessment? You're like does this look any good? Yes or no and again all we're trying to do is filter out the shit here That's what we're trying to do once we filter out those then they go to the SME interview Which again would just be for you guys? So sometimes it's awkward if you're doing like the initial screening and then you're also doing the like Final interview, but it is what it is right? So from here you guys are now doing like more your maybe going over the assessment But Sean used to take all of these and he would go super in-depth like you know if an ad account is doing this What are you doing right like if you haven't found a winning ad in two weeks? Like what's your process right like we're asking very very technical questions just to confirm that they actually know their shit Because nobody should really get past the initial interview if they have like low energy or they're just shitty And then from there I have like a CEO interview But that for you guys would just be the second call you only need two calls unless you already have a strategist If you guys have a strategist then have the strategist do the SME call and then they can talk to you And then the final piece that a lot of people don't fucking do but it's super important It's just like a reference check what I would recommend you guys to do if they have a LinkedIn or they have a Indeed profile and you can see their previous like jobs Go and ask for like one that you want not one that they give you and so like oh yeah I can give you a reference like no I want this one like give me I want this brand here and I make them send me 
[00:34:03] that reference because maybe they have good things to say Maybe they don't just know most of these reference checks usually like oh yeah, so-and-so is great Like you know they help with this and I'll show you guys the questions that we asked there But we're just trying to make sure like okay Where did they struggle like why aren't they working there anymore? And that's what you guys are just wanting to understand and then the final one is you just need to make them an offer with a contract Most of the time they accept it you guys can obviously play with incentives here right now We're actually playing around with the creative strategist specifically is like higher base lower performance and then Or sorry, yeah, higher base lower performance and then lower base higher performance And this is like my red or green flag if they choose the the lower Retainer and higher performance then I know I've got a savage if they're like no I want a higher base. I'm like, okay, I probably shouldn't hire this guy So that's that's the final thing that we do when we send them the offer, okay? And then from there it's it's not in here, but just know like onboarding as well is Super fucking important. Is this process makes sense by the way? Do you think you have questions on this though? Or is that is it pretty clear good and the other thing I would say is you guys is like who was it? Is it the final? You have you have a strategist right now, right? Like they should probably take the initial interview So take they take the initial interview and then you can do the second interview But the point is is like the final thing here is onboarding is super fucking important as well because like that sets the tone And that's where you have to come in make sure they have everything Make sure they know your processes and then make sure you have KPIs for them like week over week Like the new guy that we've hired because he's like shadowing me in a way every single week I've met with him to make sure he knows like I'm like, yo This is a game plan for this week and this is what you need to do And you have to be extremely clear because you just hire people and throw them in the fucking company and then you're busy doing other shit They'll just get lost in the sauce that happens all the time So really make sure you're meeting with them and you're very clear on like what expectations are what they're gonna do They know who's who they know what's going on and that is kind of like the onboarding process It's usually like a week to get ramped up and then usually by week two week 
[00:36:00] three You know whether or not the guy's an idiot and then you can keep hiring or whatever But the final thing I would say on that is Don't turn off your job posting once you hire this person keep it active because we have like a 30-day Probation period in our offer that says we can fire you at any time if we're not happy with your work There's a lot of people will sign someone Close the job posting and then doesn't turn out and then you're fucking back to square one I got to put the job posting back up and you're doing it So just keep hiring until they're actually like a qualified fit cool sweet For a lot of me talking John I'll add on off the work. Anybody have any other questions? You feel waiting towards actually someone you want to hire So what do you do not hear it where? Let's you know that's probably do you think that's a pretty sad just Are you just waiting waiting on the job posts this thing like keep reaching out from you people from different companies or Like you're saying for for you specifically like just let's say we need to try just a quite bad right now Just to scale further and obviously we don't want to have like a desperate higher like you mentioned Let's say we don't find any more that we still want to hide We're gonna actually just have the job posting offer ages and yeah Keep waiting or what I would start doing is like and to be honest like I need to be doing this because I've just kind of left It to my hiring manager, but I mean I fuck I paid her like 6k a month So it's her fucking job like she's got to do it But she is like if she's just waiting for Canada. She's just headhunting constantly like we use sales navigator for headhunting We go in there. We go to all these big-ass agencies and we just start pinging off people And so that's like the best thing that you can do and what we've also found as well It's like if you don't contact them on LinkedIn say if you can find like their Instagram and then especially this is why like I'm trying to take Instagram a lot more seriously this year You guys have like a good personal brand like bro people Solvate at the opportunity to fucking work with you 
[00:38:00] So like all of you guys should also be trying to like build personal brand because if you DM someone You've got like a good-looking personal brand. You look like you're doing some dope shit like you said you see work with Daniel Like bro that like do you everybody knows Daniel? Dailin he's fucking dope dude everybody just wants to work with that guy, right ? So like if you DM someone and be like yo, what's up? Like, you know, I saw your you know, your profile and whatever whatever you're saying in the message They're gonna be way more likely to respond there as well on a platform That's like a little bit more personal and like most people don't really check LinkedIn a lot of people do But you know, that's that's what I would recommend that you do is like try to and if you don't have a personal brand It's fine, but like just you should be head-hunting like try to find people and then if not, you can also go We haven't really done this yet, but there's recruiting agencies to like you can hire some recruiting agencies There's some good ones and some shitty ones Just know they usually charge like a pretty fucking big amount And I'm not a lot of them have like really good guarantees for it. We're actually using a higher need or a high-end recruiting person right now, but Yeah, I would just say be head-hunting man. That's it I said that hella people are hundreds of hundreds and so wait Well, we got two weeks But you reach back out and leave a higher offer to see if they don't plan to that one Yeah, there's there's two strategies while three after what Nate told me but there's two strategies like one You can just come in hot and be like I want to double your salary Come and work for me Well, the one that we use is like hey Do you happen to know any creative strategist and obviously they're a fucking creative strategist, right? And so they would either say yeah, I do because a lot of creative strategies will know other ones and they'll intro you or they'll be like Yeah, me. I'm interested like tell me more So there's two kind of ways to like slide in there One of the agencies that's I know does like that Crushes for them is like do you know any creative strategist and that's where they that's where they get all of their best ones from? But yeah, you I mean you can follow up, but usually what we do is we just send that initial message and that's really it We don't really have like a follow-up process. But again, it's kind of like a 
[00:40:01] sales process, right? Like you you're trying to pull these people out from where they are so it's like it's gonna take some effort for sure It really depends on the person like for us we have unlimited vacation So I'm like any anybody on our team can just fucking go. They don't even track it. It's pretty shitty but most a players will not want to like they don't really take vacation, you know, I'm saying like maybe once a year like they want to go on Christmas break or something but it really depends on the person and For me, there's kind of like there's two types of people that you can hire There's just like the fillers is what I kind of call them It's like people that just like do shit and that's it and then there's builders that come in and like fucking It feels like this is their company and they're doing more than their actual, you know, scope Those are the types of people especially in e-com because you guys can have fucking tight-knit teams and be printing millions of dollars a month So it's like you ideally just want like a team of builders like that's what you 're trying to look for So if someone's coming in and asking about like what's your vacation policy like for me? I might be like fuck this guy You know like cuz then then I can tell that they're more worried about just having a job than actually like building and contributing to something Yeah, and putting one as well, especially sitting before already, but I need to do it to you guys as well Don't hire just kiss your desperate you and follow people as well. They think they need to hire kiss Oh, I'm at a certain revenue level then I need to hire kiss I think I need to hire But that's the wrong mentality to have right if it needs to be slower to hire then make it slow It's like Spencer said if you rush it eventually is gonna go to shit at your stage as well I mean your scene couldn't make it today like he scaled to formula man Without any creative strategy said all he was just doing everything. So could you still scale with without a creative strategies? Yes, but does it so keep doing what you're doing make sure that you always 
[00:42:03] opens higher But make sure that it needs to be very It needs to be a very tight knit process, right? We'll talk a bit about it more during the Incentive part, but just make sure that always hiring Keep doing what you're doing, but it's important one that you don't get too desperate about it I'll tweak always be recruiting is like cuz for me. I'm like always hiring like fuck I can't afford to always hire people now. We are because fucking crazy, but Recruiting is important. So like always be recruiting means like always be looking for talent because like I said if somebody comes in That's better than what I've got Bro, it's business. You know like and I feel like a lot of times when you're smaller teams It can feel like family But if somebody and that's not really a good place to be you kind of want that culture talking about culture like culture is important But again the day it's business, bro If somebody comes in that's like I've been watching all of your YouTube like I know exactly what you guys do I just scaled my own brand in a month I want to join you guys and I want to bubble bomb like fuck me. All right, let 's go You know, sorry, whatever here's your two weeks and and what I would say is like don't fire the person yet like Bring them on first see how they do and then let go you always just want to be careful with that But always always be recruiting It's like always be open to people coming to work with you doesn't mean you have to hire them But for us like the media body that we have Fucking my favorite. I mean who's talking Jonathan wants to coach my team can't touch my media bar But he's fucking amazing, bro. Like he is just a fucking killer and what's funny is like he Originally, I think I had hunt him or I reached out to him like eight months ago I mean he's been on the team for like two and a half years now, but like eight months ago I sent him a message before we started hiring. I threw up a job posting on LinkedIn He just happened to be like leaving his agency. He applied boom. We'd heart we hired and so like a lot of these people that You're head hunting to or maybe you you had a conversation with them like months ago come back Because they're not ready to hire then or they're not ready to switch or join you now But maybe they are a couple months down the line So that's always important as well like you like I said always be recruiting 
[00:44:02] always be messaging people because you'll never know When that you know opportunity when they're looking for a new opportunity Yeah, the other thing I would say super quick I don't know if he's but if you find someone that is like a savage like if your god is telling you like shit This dude's fucking good Don't just hire them right away. I did that before because everybody always says like move fast, but Go through the process just expedite it so like if you have like you know the sixth step fucking or seventh step process Just make sure you move quick like send the assessment right away book the call the next fucking day Like dude I've taken calls on like Sunday mornings because we had somebody come in on a Friday They had a great call with Sean and I was like fuck I need to talk this person they met all of our requirements boom hired him on Monday So we hired them in like four days, right? So if you find some of it is good don't skip the process But expedite it because like good talent goes quickly. So that's the only other thing that I'll say to you guys as well It's like don't be lax a days of cool like don't fucking leave some dude on red for six days Right like when our media buyer message back or apply it back I was like yo jump on this guy right away and we ended up hiring him like I said in five or six days or something like that So make sure you move quick on good people, too Okay, anybody you got more stuff go ahead What do you need to know I think the reason why so we had four different Four five fucking I think it was for what for last year that we hired the savage one that I said that we hired from like the big agency she got poached somebody offered her we're talking about money 25k a month, but She also didn't really want to work on like six plus like she wanted to work on like two two brands max And so it was a VC company that basically owned e-commerce brands and they had 
[00:46:02] to and they were gonna offer 25k Well, she's like Spanish. This is a no fucking brainer from fuck. So she got po ached that that'll happen at times Again, if it's if it's more aligned with their vision and it's obviously better pay you're gonna lose them but for the ones that we fired honestly one of them quit he was very young and He was going through some personal shit, which happens and he was just very overwhelmed And I want you guys to know as well like our onboarding system fucking terrible We would just throw people into the fire, bro We'd be like figure it out, you know they got here seven clients managed like because we were scaling fucking hard and We basically had no way to track them their progress or anything like that So what I will say is like the three that we one quit the other two that we fired We didn't really have the best processes So it's like and this is for you guys like always take ownership like if you like we hired five people last year or four people last year They all then pan out. So it's like we're not perfect So we clearly had some issues and so we fixed that we're fixing those now But the point is is when you're what like these people that we fired we probably held on to them for too long Because I just knew there was a skill gap and for us like There's no fucking excuse for having a skill gap if you ask me if you come in and there's a skill gap That's fine But like two or three months down the line with the fucking program that we have the fact that you know There's a hundred plus people and evolve and like people are using the exact same shit to fucking scale like crazy, right? So it's like we know this the process works So for us we just you know We had one for I think like five months the other for four months and they just didn't get better And so like that's the thing if they're just not getting better that for me Like pisses me off more than anything because it's like there's clearly you know Opportunity for you to get better and we noticed that the people that come in and commit get fucking better So that's for us. That was the reason why we fired them. I was like you have all these resources You're not making the effort but at the same time looking back now again. We weren't perfect They were overloaded with so much shit. They're like we had one strategist 
[00:48:01] managing like fuck like 1.5 or 2 million Or 1.5 million dollars a month and ad spent across eight clients and she was fucking strapped to grow And so I felt like I had conversation after her and I was like, I'm sorry Like, you know, we definitely again We weren't perfect, but she just wasn't really getting better because she didn 't have the time to get better more or less But yeah, the reason why we far is usually because it's it's a personality thing or like it's a you know It's a character thing like I don't want people that don't want to be better like our whole Thing in our agency like our mission or values to like grow it's all about growth and these people were just plateaued They just didn't get any better. Some of them actually got fucking worse So that for me was like the reason why it wasn't like, you know month one. You didn't hit a winning ad you're fired It's like that's probably gonna happen But if they're not making progress like our copyright our first month our client almost left us because they were like This is the worst copy I've ever seen in my life and I was like, holy fuck. Oh, look at that shot I was like, bro, we're so fucked And then next month got better like came close to making some winning ads and then month three She pumped out like four and I was like, holy shit getting better, right? So that for me is like if you're just not getting better if you're plateaued long story short I'm gonna let you go. I think the most important thing to that and everything else you guys do is just tracking in general For as for example, you guys all know if you don't track your ads You don't analyze them. You won't get better at the same thing applies to personalize to hiring as well You hire someone you need to track. Okay. What are your deliverables? Well, how much time have you spent on this thing? How many ads have you made, etc? This way when you actually review it big to eat you can actually see the data when he says Oh, you need to see if they improve. Of course, you need the data, right? How many we need ads have they made how much have the ads spent, etc? So all these very things always goes to operations, right? But you need to track everything basically. I'm not sure Spencer can Show them how we track the thing. Yeah, it's include up. Yeah, I can probably pull some stuff up The only other thing that I would say is like also like communicate with them 
[00:50:01] and let them know exactly like his words It sounds like tell them how you're doing, right? Because what's what's funny is like so we'll do a new hires We'll do a monthly performance check in and what they actually do is they have a few questions that the answer is a scale of one before It's like how do you feel you're doing your probably how do you go right now? It's like I feel like I have either lower high skill and in lower high motivation So they get put low skill low motivation. That's the whole thing It put low skill high motivation where they could put you know high skill level innovation high skill high And so I'll also turn to you after but basically they split one of those and for me I'm always looking for motivation and usually my best people that are savages. They put like high motivation low skill They always think there's like there's no medium skill. Okay, and then we also asked like, you know, how do you feel about your performance on scale like It's like not eating expectations, needing expectations, exceeding expectations I mean consistently being and the people that are doing the fucking worst always put exceeding expectations like every fucking time And so then I jump on a call with them and I have my scorecard. They're both scorecard So they do their scorecard. I had to be mine to jump on a call I'm like, okay So you think you're seeing expectations and you think you have high skill why and they'll say oh, you don't I'm looking You don't even make five concepts a week. I'm making five believe, you know, all my clients are being shit Well, I think you know what I'm making five like, they're saying that they're the best. I'm like, okay. Well, listen fucking Girls name is Tiffany. Listen to me You're fucking sucky right now and like here's why right? So for me your low motivation low skill because you're not doing anything about it and you're also not meeting expectations at all And so from there, it's like obviously say it with better charisma than you're fucking sucking But the point is is like then you're able to bridge the gap because a lot of times all it is There's just a gap between like what they think is good and like what you think is good and that call just like completely resets Expectations because with the new strategies that we hired I did this two weeks 
[00:52:01] in I was like listen, bro I was like you've got to fucking pick it up. I was like you got to get going man I was like you're moving underwater right now I was like you've just been doing reporting you spent the whole week learning our shit And it's like I don't think I said the clear expectation that you need to move quickly here And so I had a very serious conversation and he's like oh fuck Put it together last week He was just like on it and then he asked you for one of our brands like doubled the ad spent in the account and started figuring it Out right so like a lot of it is just like a hard conversation that sometimes you guys don't want to have because it's like awkward And it's like I don't want to tell them you have to have those conversations bro Especially with new hires because they might think they're crushing it Meanwhile you're over here like bro this dude sucking and then you just fire them you don't even have a conversation It's like have a conversation We sometimes use these things called pips. It's called a performance improvement plan you guys don't really need to go that far But sometimes it's if you really believe in someone like if I can see someone just like is not motivated at all And it's just not not giving a shit I'm not gonna waste my time anymore But if I see someone's like trying but they're just not quite getting it I'll do a performance improvement plan where it's like hey Here's where you're at right now and here's where you need to be here's what you should be doing, etc, etc So that's a really like the biggest thing though Take away from that is like have a conversation to bridge that gap because a lot of times people that you hire Things are doing great, but meanwhile you're like fuck this this person sucks, but you never say anything So you have to say something and you have to reset expectations Cool and to that as well. It's what we realized that a lot of the work is done upfront, right? It's setting expectations right when they start is the most important thing Not just the number right what do you expect to them like if you would try to get a job in like GP Morgan For example, the hiring process is crucial, right? You look like crazy But that's why the top people they get are so driven, right? If you can get help people in your team as well Scale now I was talking about it yesterday with Ryan Ryan as well Ryan give anything to add to that Do you have anything to add to that? She'll in any other questions. Yeah, regarding that 
[00:54:07] Strategist and I'm looking at an absolute good job. He finds winning concepts So I won't have to do more work, but I'm just wondering is this even a good idea Should I just obviously I can't stop working something more? But I wanted you guys to also if you have when you guys hire another strategist when you increase the salary is he working full-time? He's working hard time. Yeah, I'd hire him full-time Have him dedicated broke is he's probably thinking about other shit if you're like dude You're doing a great and oh, man, that's the other thing I would say is like if you have savages like you I tell my team every day like my me here bar. I'm like, bro. I fucking love you I was like never leave I was like you're the fuck and like that feels good to them, bro like they feel fucking appreciated, right? I'm like Don't don't ever leave me. Please worry long story short is like go and tell him that and then be like dude You're crushing it. I'm gonna offer you a full-time opportunity. You know, I'm paying you whatever part time Hey, here's what we can do. Let's do maybe I don't know if you're paying him two and a half or 3k part I'm like I want to pay you five for full-time and you're gonna have this incentive and we'll talk about incentives But I'd be like I you know I want you to be here I want you to be bought in here and have your full focus on this and it's like we've got a lot more again Sell the vision, but that's what I would recommend you to do is like definitely bring him full-time especially It's like we only hire well. I like like we have some dude trialing right now Sometimes we'll trial people part-time, but usually we only hire people full- time Because we want to bought in bro, but we want to be obsessing and thinking about our company, right? I guess you might see me here working part-time in another role. How would you cannot be able to get out of me? I had like our creative director now like you may have the best thing in this world bro, though He was making literally like 8 or 9k a month with his like freelance shit Yeah, and I he joined the agency for five So like he actually took the last because he put me in the vision. He's making a lot a lot of that But the point is is like sometimes that they're really bought in they'll actually not want to see take a last 
[00:56:00] But like don't give up today's cash Yeah, to have the opportunity to make a lot more to grow I know you know maybe in total he's making 6k. It's like listen I can only afford to pay you five right now, but you don't want three months down the line that you should be making 15 That's what I'm trying to convince somebody to drop this other line in there. It's gonna have to I mean like it depends how Comfortable like usually I'm kind of like I don't want like a lot of people put their jobs that I work in the agency And I try not to do that when I get broke up on the guy and that's what they got to do So we do a lot of hunting honestly competitors were from just linked in or whatever We know performance recognition in two weeks though. We have struggles with like paying people bonuses Instead of just paying family, we have more to attend the black pay you have a retainer if you don't perform You don't eat doesn't make sense. How did you find like okay? Let's see a crazy just right? I didn't pay that person performance. What's the KPI you want? For us it's all about ad spend because that's what we get bonest on So it's like all right. Hey everybody knows what our performance spend is an account and you guys can probably do the same You there's two ways to do is like one is just like flat like hey If you make a winning out I'll pay you 500 bucks or a thousand bucks or whatever it is and every winning out You pay them that or you do like a rolling percentage Which is probably like the better incentive and I want Shonda kind of talk on this as well now that we're kind of getting into it I Just think it's like it has to be clear is the most important thing and it has to be tangible because like for some of our brands We'll be like okay like our performance spend is when we hit 160k But the client spending like 30k a month. It's like that's so fucking out of reach They're like they just get demotivated. You know I'm saying so try to make it somewhat tangible is the biggest thing And base it off of your goals like incentives should be a win-win. You know I'm saying and for you. It's usually profit I know there's a lot of people that are in love with the revenue in here, but 
[00:58:00] profit is what matters most so you know incentivize them based off of that It's like hey my target for this month say if you separate you set projections for the brands and stuff like that So if you have a projection and depending how aggressive it is again You kind of want to keep it tangible what you could also do is okay our projection this month And what I would say as well is like with your core leaders like be fucking super open with everything Say your projection. I was not I want to do 250k this month in profit anything above that I'm gonna give everybody on the team a 30% rip Something like that or maybe not that much 20% whatever it is And so now if you do 250 you got your nut and say they get you to 300 well now that 50 They get 20% of that and for we always say like whatever their salary is They should get a higher percentage because if somebody's making 10k month and you give them like a $300 bonus or like Whatever, you know, but if you get my thousand dollar bonus now we're talking a little bit You know so you can do it that way based off of like what your projection is because we do that the agency as well Okay We want to make per pod I don't know 50k a month anything over that you guys are gonna get you know 20 and 30% of because then you're happy with what you got and then the extra profit is just all gravy and Then you can share that with the team So in terms of the incentives that there's two parts to it I think most people here are still hiring like creative strategies easiest incentives They can give them this percentage of aspen you'll do it just based off the winning ads So let's say you look at the top three top five winning ads of the mind the creative strategies Okay, did you make this winning ads if they fall under these top three top five ? They get a petition percentage of at spend that's one part second part You can do as well is if the business hits certain revenue goals you get a cash bonus that you pay out so It works if what it works really well when you have multiple strategies if it's based on let's say top three top five ads That means that the strategies will have to compete against each other to get the top spend and let's say if you give them like 5% of the ad spend 
[01:00:01] We're winning at which used to make a lot of money from there's a lot of money from them They can make multi five figures per month and you can see each other like how much did you make right? It's really compete so participate at spend is the easiest one for Creative strategies on top of that you give them cash bonuses as well. Let's say you hit You know five million in the mind you give them a certain bonus then that the winners can get distributed around the strategies Okay, let's try to just how much did you your ads how much percentage of spend did you get? Maybe I can allocate that spend a percentage to which from the bonus to with you as well. So that's two parts This way if everyone's competing you have a lot more winning ads You don't really have to do too much by then if you hire really well, but does that make sense? I Think the main thing I would say is like just make sure it's clear like clear and tangible or the two most important things Because like honestly sometimes you might be like you got to hit this percent of that, but if we do this we do that If you're just like yo I'm gonna pay you a thousand bucks every time you hit a winning actually know winning ads gonna make you out of ten That's sometimes even just like like a simple thing to do But what Sean said if they hit like your goal or your target and you bonus everyone on that that just incentivize them to do more of What you want, right? You just have to make sure that's aligned, but go ahead. Are you gonna say? I think it's good. I think it depends on the strategy It's like I think competition will bring the best out of some people and then also destroy other people like you kind of have to know The person more or less, but for me like again It just depends on your culture if you're like a you know, I was I don't know who I told I was watching the last dance Like that Michael Jordan documentary. It's like bro. He was a fucking dick Like he was an asshole to like a lot of people on this team But like he wanted to fucking win so it was like it was like a do or die culture So you can have that culture, but what I'm trying to say is it's like that might not be for everybody So just make sure you know your strategist if you're like, yo, this is like You guys are competing and it's very clear like whoever does the best like look how much you know 
[01:02:00] I don't know Sarah made Sarah made 10k last month because she hit three winners , right? That might demotivate this strategist and if that's the case you can get rid of them or it might motivate them be like shit I need to be more like Sarah, you know, so it just really depends on the person Because if you're not and just test it as well like if you make it competitive and you notice that your performance gets better It worked, right? But if you make it competitive and you notice like you have way less winning ads, then you know You should probably remove that But yeah, I would I would say competition usually in our space is like a good thing Because it's so it's like it's clear. It's like bro if you just make more money for me You're gonna make more money like it's so simple, you know Yeah, my take on it. I don't think we I would hire someone who wouldn't want want to compete as the thing You look at the highest levels in finance its sports, right? You imagine you go to a top tier athlete and then you think like that they're afraid to compete if other people Not gonna make it it would be the same thing for your team as well. We talk a bit more about that during the Incentive section, but it's always good and if you're afraid then it's more of a reflux than anything I'm curious anybody in here have like a cool centered program that they want to share That's fire. Yeah being clear with data hundred percent Anybody else have any incentive Ryan Do you have an incentive program? Oh, there's two rhymes. Yeah Either you guys Can't share any stuff. It's like Well, you know you're having close charges right now The incentives and actually vice-versa profit can I get a place where you were offering too little too much? And I see you do give a profit mark. Let's see you don't go last month But if we are more incentives, I know you're in a place where you might 
[01:04:02] actually be less profit last month Because you have so many incentives. That's not balancing the percent. Give them. I think as long as the like you're making more profit That's all that matters. Like that's why I said for like in the agency space. The comment one is like all right per pod We need to make 50k profit anything above that. Just fucking dope, right? So it's like obviously you could Yeah, so it's like it's the thing is is then it becomes like well if you didn't have that incentive would if you made that profit Maybe not, you know, but at the end of the day like also It's hard to like we want to hog as much cash as we can But it's like you also want to give your team like bro. You want your team to win You know I'm saying like bro when I see is somebody on my team like make make 15k in a month from the agency I'm like, but I was fucking dope and he's fucking fired up and now it's like that loyalty is there They don't want to leave they love working with you. They're bought into the vision and it's like now that is Like an LTV play basically, you know, I'm just like they're gonna be with you for a long time So it's like yeah, could you have made more profit from that month? Yeah, but what about the next? Like what if he was like fuck you, you know, like I'm leaving, you know, you didn't give me an incentive It's like well not your screw, you know, I'm saying So I think it's like share the pie man as long as the pie gets bigger. Like that's all that matters I would just say like most people are going to need some kind of attention to great stuff Like we had a zero guy on our team, he now has his own agency now 
[01:06:00] I just didn't really have like a lot of profit to share with him because I know our seros He didn't believe he much profit and so he's left But like if I was able to keep him there or if zero bar would probably be a lot better But so it's like again You can pick around if there's just stuff right on towards because I was sure saying that the top five heights I think it's quite strict especially if you have a couple of crazy challenges Manage charges are getting a couple of them in the top five, right? Because maybe I want to see what we're taking up most of them Maybe like an agency taking up some as well And you go like one of us to sort of not getting into that top five Which like the guy expanding out of the you say I'll make almost the top seven top eight So a lot of more If you ask me, I don't think if you compromise If okay on your side get one person in getting majority of ads working Question is is making you go from a profit or not? If it is, does it mean better or? Okay, so it's cheaper. I come for like top five Well, like right now, like how many career strategies you got? Yeah, so like sometimes when I was doing something I saw problems that you don 't have it So she's like let's just do it and see what happens That's usually the best thing that you can do is I'm gonna you're gonna run into that problem and then you can try to figure it out But yeah, it's different right now. So if you just get one in there That is Their payment should just give you your time back and then everything else that they generate Is kind of what you bonus them on Okay, anybody I know we've been talking a lot about team building and hiring I think we'll throw over like an hour Um, is anybody else want to do any of the questions behind The person is high for that does the count of this the account that we have Yeah, I don't fucking do any of it now. Um, the the account that we actually have plugged in the discord does all of our payroll So we use something called wage point base. It's in it's a Canadian thing 
[01:08:00] I think I think I worked for the us as well. You just have an auto payroll system That's it and just pulls out of my bank account pays them the first and the 15 th And then my the ecom accountant guys run all that for me Yeah, super hands off Yeah Cool, um, I know we talked a lot about hiring CS the team building stuff. We like half crossed it out because I well, I think I covered that as well. Um, any anything else on incentives Anything else that we kind of get on like the best incentive program. Okay in terms of the incentives the We talked about percentage of ad spend but the more important thing is making sure that your incentives are aligned with your whoever you hire Right. That's what a big lesson we've learned last year as well Not everyone is incentivized by just money alone people can be incentivized by very different things, right? Some of them want to drop title bro straight on this point on the Bro, I this one girl like she was like I want I want I was she like laid out her whole job role It was like her current job role and the one that she wanted and I was expecting her to ask for like two expa And she's like the only she's like but the most important thing for me Is to go from copywriter to creative strategist I was like that's that's all you want. She's like, yeah Like stood straight up bro because like like for them That's the flex like I'll fuck you do it call yourself c o if you want I don't fucking care But like for them like that's everything because it's both status like, you know when they go and meet people It's like what do you do? It's like oh, I'm a copywriter, right? But it's like I'm a creative strategist It's like oh fuck like it's a real deal. You know what I'm saying So it's like literally title is huge and even with something we did for our graphic designer Like he was just a graphic designer and I literally had a call with him I was like all right, bro I was like we're gonna hire another graphic designer right now I was like but I'm gonna turn you to the senior graphic designer And he was like that's all I've ever wanted to do That's all I've ever wanted to be. I'm a senior graphic designer He's like fucking great didn't even pay him anything extra So title like and sometimes I joke about it, but don't joke about it with him because it's very fucking serious to them Like that is their identity 
[01:10:00] So that's literally a way that you could bonus people as well, honestly But I just totally interrupted your flow. We'll go ahead Yes and kind of Getting sent by the roles which don't really like have a great profit in sense But still are more than you want them to like stay since they like Give you a lot of time back like for example Some of you may store, you know, that's all that all these are said like need to be doing And you also like need to certain like like knowledge like skill set as well Yeah, and you teach them, you know, but it's like it's pretty it's boring in times It's a basic role That that's where like what's wrong with saying like other like giving them other forms of like because again It's not always all about money But what I do for my people that don't really generate revenue like we have a developer Like I just bump his salary like 10% or something like every like six months and for him Like that's fucking huge And then again, I he went from developer to senior developer and so it's like there's a lot of different things that you can do I would say Just appreciation, bro Like even just saying like and like being for real Just being like, yo, honestly, man Thank you for all that you do like legit like you use such a great fucking job Like I seriously am super grateful for what you do And I just want you to know that right like sounds cringy But it's like that means a lot of them especially coming like you're the ceo like you're the owner I think a lot of us like forget that like a lot of our team this morning I just had lunch with one of my actually the creative strategist And uh, she's like oh I'm with my boss right now And it was this huge thing to come and have lunch with her boss, right and I forget that I'm like, I'm not fucking boss like Some idiot, you know, I'm running a company But for them, it's like it's it's seriously like it's it means a lot to them And so like you giving them time and saying like you appreciate them is sometimes better than money, bro But for those people what I do again, I just give them like small bumps on and if and if They're looking for some kind of incentive. Maybe you can find something like 
[01:12:02] maybe if he's doing like CRO stuff for you It's just those like my hiring manager for example That's all I do for her I gave her some bumps in her salary I do kind of like give her small like flat bonuses when she like makes a great hire or something like that but Usually it's just you know small little bumps in salary and a lot of appreciation I am curious though. Yes. Anyone ever implemented a system for what's he called Incentives for such team members, they can help you more or For one example is my operations manager saw how much I was paying the media buyer And I think he didn't jealous because he's like my role is just as important or more So I'm going to leave the company or you're going to pay me the exact same as the media buyer So I kind of actually did it in a career revenue base of because he does all the hiring, firing, putting money on the systems customer support is Arguably that role is just as important as a revenue-generating role like me by it So I kind of just scaled this pay based on revenue So there's just a million dollars a month is 8k a month Two million dollars a month 10k a month, etc, etc But that's kind of how I scale it's kind of Help out and make him feel just as important where Even though it doesn't it isn't on number that he's making money like a media buyer He's still a very important building out all the systems and making sure the company comes smooth Does he not have equity? No Oh, your CEO should always have equity. I was always yeah for sure. Is he like do you see him as like a partner? Oh shit, is he like overseas or something? Yeah, okay Yeah, just a friend that I turned into like a operation. I basically just flown myself and then it was like yeah, like bro He's like your number two, right? Yeah, bro. That got how long has he been working with you? Two years. Yeah, bro, like I would you should even if it's a small amount, bro Like even if it's like 2% or something like he brought that's that's gonna mean the world to end Like you sharing a bit of the plug is anybody else have equity or is it just 
[01:14:01] you? Yeah, like bro, especially because you're bill I'm not everybody builds the exit but at some point, you know You know at least you can cut him like a bonus at the end of the year or something like Any of those like senior senior rules like an operator like obviously they're not I mean They technically are revenue generating but it's like bro, they should probably have some kind of equity I would say because like even bro my creative director right now has like carla has equity in the company And it's like he's a fucking crib But like he's such a savage Jonathan's gonna go try to hunt him now But like he's such a savage bro that I'm like I have to give him something or it's like he's just not going to be motivated, you know Yeah, don't worry about it bro. You can't you can't afford it, man Now he's uh like he he earns his ex so like people that are like staying in the company for a long time like It's probably worth it. Not saying you have to go get my equity now But I'd consider it because I'd like that make might might mean a huge Hundred percent Yeah, it's like we said not just the money things appreciation job at all can be a lot of things, right It's a big part of it is the employees wants to have go for opportunity Whether that is or when the exit or whatever it is Bumping from junior graphic designer to senior graphic designer It's a lot of things that go to it So it's very important that when you hire someone that you need to ask them also what they actually really want Some of them they just want to be there because they want to learn from you. You give them all of that Some they want to make a whole lot of money can figure out how to make that work together This is the only way that you can get employees like fully bought in So when people always say, you know, they play like a ceo role, you know, they don't do much to get employees to run it That's the only way that you can really do it. If you look at big brands like um NVIDIA for example So you always hear that in video employees, you know They fit all of them are millionaires and things like that 
[01:16:01] And it sort of makes sense that the company grew so fast Employees have equity in the business so they are bought in that's one part as well So good opportunity they're working in like Fast fastest growing company or tech or whatever it is So if you can position your own company like that as well Monetary one thing group opportunity recognition status. That's how you get dialed in employees Any questions I want so We were talking to Alex just to make he said that on his team. He has like UGC creators We're almost like their own strategist, right? So it's kind of like picked up job creators They made all their own concepts. They are the creators that are What's kind of like that's something obviously other five UGC creators consistently convert, but have you seen that? Yeah, that's exactly how comfort skilled Yeah So it's like I want you guys to understand something as well like this really changed my perspective And that's why we're doubling down a lot on it this year like bro a creator is The strategist the creative strategist the copywriter the fucking filmer the editor like bro That's that's like five roles in one And like last month our hit rate for UGC was like 14 fucking percent Our hit rate for ads was like four percent or something like that so like Dude that team my credit strategy team cost me like fucking 40 g's a month or something like that And my UGC team cost me like six and they were producing like five times the results And so it's like for me and just like what the fuck um But you have to double down on that right like a lot of you guys will see that and and like and i'm guilty of it as well I'm like no i've got to do creative strategy because like it's all about that But like right now bro like honestly this content engine like i'm putting so much focus there And the way that we have it set up i can send you guys i think it's in the group we've adjusted a look It's actually it'll be posted in school probably by the end of this week But basically what we do in our product seating process or in a hiring process 
[01:18:02] We're like here's why as a creator like you should give a shit It's like you have the opportunity to get a retainer to work with us on a monthly basis And you also have the opportunity to earn up to 10 k per month That's like our our big fucking like here's what you can make And then the percentages are just based off of ad spend or revenue I don't know is he good. Oh, it's based off of ad spend or revenue And so it'll be like okay. We'll give you a 10 rip on the first one or the first uh 10k Which would give them a thousand dollars and then we go to like five percent two and a half percent and one percent But bro, that's like the best thing that you can do because if you have for one of our brands right now that we're scaling pretty hard Well, we were and then their fucking account got banned But it's my like 30k day And we have eight creators now that will just like being paid a retainer that produce videos every single week Every single week and some of them just on retainer will bang Um, but the the process that we go through and that's what it'll be uploaded at school Is product seating first or like basic ugc first Once they make a winning ad for us if they make a winning ad in the account then we hire them And then we'll pay them that base and then some right now we're testing how many people actually take the affiliate like incentive program But there's two ways to do it one is like i've what i just said the percentage Or we're actually about the test is just giving them a coupon code and putting it in the fucking ad Because then that automates the payment as well. There's like there's a go affiliate pro or something like that It's an app and shopify if they just have their own code say it's 10 off, but it's 20 total because the customer gets 10 percent and then um, the creator gets 10 percent It'll just auto pay them out and then we just put their coupon code in their ads We also get whitelisting access as well, which if you guys aren't doing whitel isting and you have creators definitely check that There's gonna be more stuff coming on that in the program But that's what we do and so we're gonna split test those two to see if like just paying them Based on ad spend is good or if we just give them a code and then they have fucking unlimited earning potential because the idea is like now You have the creative strategist strategist copywriter film or editor all in one fucking person and you have hundreds of them And now they're making you know one to two videos maybe per week or some of 
[01:20:00] them like one to two videos a day Right and for us like our incentive is we're telling them like it's an ad and so they know And the incentive that we have for them as well is like you don't have to post it on your profile So if it in like that's a dub because some people's like tick-tock accounts is i'm just showing fucking products all day Right for tick-tock shop and so we're like you don't have to you know, sell yourself online like just upload it to a google drive and that's it And so we're testing that right now and bro. It's it's crushing Because they don't actually not like That actually there's a call recording of it for the warroad brand. I don't know if anybody saw that We're paying this chick 500 bucks a month We've probably in the last like 30 days spent like 80k on her fucking ads No Fuck no Yeah Because she's great, but um The main thing is like they're just happy bro because they're getting paid a retainer Right a lot of these creators are especially if they're micro are trying to get you know They're 150 or udc videos like they got a hustle for it They just get They just get 500 bucks a month and they're happy about it if you give them the affiliate program or like the coupon code then yeah Um, that's what I'm saying. You can split it up however you want. You could do like it's 20 percent You know you give them no no So 20 total So you could be like 10 for the customer and then 10 for them or you can do 10 Total and it's five to them five to the customer or again You could do 20 15 to the customer five to the creator. You can split it up however you want We haven't gotten that far in testing. Yeah, we're doing it right now Um, but yeah, really as long as there's some kind of incentive the whole reason why You implement an incentive is for them to keep creating videos and like create more ideally Um, but right now most of creators are just giving us like one to two videos a week for 500 bucks a month And you got all of them from the products sitting like all from products sitting on incense Well, actually a lot of our campaigns for the brand that's writing the 30k a 
[01:22:00] day is actually like maximum 150 bucks per video Do you think that like hitting out and talk to talk shop affiliates like for specific products in your niche could work Because I've already made a lot of money for like online might want consistency instead of like obviously having to rely on commission Yeah, if you if you I would say test it and say I mean like we haven't we haven 't really I feel like I don't want to say like I miss the boat on tiktok shop, but I think I just didn't fucking get it because like bro tiktok shop Is not about the money that you actually made from tiktok shop. It's about the content that you get Like I tied up with this guy. He actually might come to a special guest Um in a couple of weeks He does tiktok shop for true classic And and then one other brand and um he's like yeah for this this one client. He 's scottish He's a fucking hilarious accent. I won't do it, but he um he generated 600 videos For this fucking brand in december or something like that. He's like yeah, we made them like 250k or 300k on tiktok shop Whatever it was right. I was like, oh just hire a media buyer And charge performance only facebook ads. He's like why I was like because you have 600 fucking videos So just go and spend test on facebook take a 10% ripro and that's what he's doing now He sent me a mess a couple days. He's like bro. This is the best decision I ever made because like content is a game, bro So it's like that Like if you figure out tiktok shop like fuck dude You're making money to get content most people spend money to get content, right? So it's like that's the cheat code Like if you get tiktok shop cranked up and scaling which anybody in here like ripping on tiktok shop Because I'm definitely not qualified to talk about it. Nobody tiktok shop. Fuck bro. You know tiktok shop guy um That's the game if you can do that But otherwise again like what we're doing is kind of like our own variation of tiktok shop Like ad shop is going to call it out But it's like we're just going to pay them a percentage of what we spent on ads or give them a coupon code and just fucking crank Um, and that's what comfort did As much as you think I was talking to Alex about his new value as well I mean you think about it the same way that your higher creative strategy is 
[01:24:00] right So imagine if you product ceiling So you can do it for free in terms of product and we hire them to get a video right Or if you hire creative strategies, you don't need anything, but if you make a mini app then you hire them So the way you frame it is very similar to the day after the day as well. Yeah, right? So you try to set this place in terms of pushing Top-tiktok shop creators. It's like you want to if you go to a big-ass agency and poach Creative strategies. How would you go about it? Can you offer better incentives ? If not probably pretty hard, so But nonetheless like do it like go I'm super bullish on content creators and affiliates Um, I just think it's a fucking cheat code, bro Because like for me I could hire one creator and that's like hiring an entire team The pump-up videos Yeah I mean what comfort did when I tried with Hudson He basically like his top affiliates would actually like coach the other affiliates and like show them what's working and what's not And shit like that. So bro, if you build it up fat enough like 100 percent If they have I mean for us, we like we tell them to do the full video But the thing is it's like it's just authentic like that's why it works like bro. We've seen I don't know They're definitely not here, but I was revealing this dude's ad. I mean, I think they were ripped But he said bro, I don't get why this fucking was ad works like look how ugly it is It's like it's like she doesn't have subtitles on it And I was I was listening to the ad. This is something for the people in the supplement business, but it was saying how she's like, oh Thank god. I just got my supplements in because like I ran through these so fast Right and it's like he didn't get it, but I was like, holy fuck I was like that's so smart because it's like now she's talking about how she already went through the supplements And she's just so happy to have gotten the supplements So it's like you already just built belief that this product works because she was fucking panicking because she didn't have it 
[01:26:00] And she was like, thank god. I just got them in I already went through my first supply So it's like that it's gonna build believe in someone that you know the product works, right? In such a creative way. I was like fuck that's so smart. He's like, oh, yeah, that makes sense why it's working So it's like a lot of the times like you wouldn't even think to fucking script that like I didn't think the script that But the creator just ripped it did it on her own and fucking crushed right and so like that for me is like We still we don't we didn't eliminate creative strategy completely because what we use our content engine for is To just get ideas from creators. It's like, oh this angle is working Fuck, let's go to creative strategy and just pump that angle out like we already tested the angle Now we know that angle is working now. We'll just go ham on that and oftentimes we we hit a winner Creating content. Yep. How do you how would you go about that? Did you do this the best video? What's going to do you tell them if you have creative freedom to create whatever they like, but are you kind of giving them the fun, sir? My thing is from one of my hero products, I'm trying to realize that the amount have creators come up with their own ideas I'm just not sure if that's how I'm gonna. This is what we have Putting up the guidelines. Yep um it's in draft That's the percentage breakdown, but this is our framework and like for us We don't want to overwhelm creators because like at the end of the day that I think it was our nest though Send me this fucking google doc bro, and it was like 19 pages of just like a bunch of shit Right, and it's like a lot of creators just aren't gonna read that you know, especially if you're a product seeding because like most of them Are not going to go through that. Um, so what we do is like we have seven sections I'm actually trying to cut this down more, but it's like Why this video matters, right? We're painting you a hundred bucks or if it's product seeding obviously we're painting nothing basically for Individual brands, whatever it is and then don't it's like don't like for some 
[01:28:02] brands We'll say like don't say this word specifically or don't talk about this or whatever And then we have video specs, which is the same which is like give us a nine by 16 fully edited And then from there we have hooks and ideas and inside of here. There's about eight total I try to keep it to like six or seven And so now it's like someone can just come up here and be like all right Lost it on the roof or drop it like it's hot on our UGC manager was having fun with this I guess and then on the go still hot So it's like we're just giving them these concepts and they're just hooks basically right because I I love using this example Where it's like, okay I want you to make a video about I don't know this water and talk about the taste of it Right in your mind right now Probably everybody in here is like has a different idea for how that video looks Right And so that's all you're trying to do is like put the idea in their head So they can go and execute it and by giving them, you know six to seven or six to eight Ideas they're just going to pick the one That resonates with them right because sometimes we give scripts to people but like this angle is all about keeping your cup hot But then someone like gets the product and they just don't fucking carry, you know, maybe they live in california It's like it's always fucking hot like, you know, so it's like it's not really relevant to them So having all of your different angles and all your different desires and hooks and all that kind of stuff inside of there Is like what we're giving them And then once they go through that the final piece that that we have is just b- rolls And so this is this is what our ugc manager puts together But we just have these little clips of just like hey because a lot of creators like they'll just film like direct a camera And sometimes that works But we also want to give them ideas for like specific shots that they can take and so our ugc manager will just go through and pull These clips off the internet she's probably going to come do a uh a talk for us in the evolve community as well Because she's been overdue, but we'll just show them like examples of like clips that they can go film And this just helps the creator be like oh, I can film that no problem Right and now we also start to get some b-roll that we can use for creative strategy and shit like that And then from there, it's just like product page here Instagram and what we're actually doing It's going to help in the AI program as well, which i've been slacking on but we're going to have like a 
[01:30:00] top Video deck ads that have spent like 20 30 50k a day like and we're going to have these ugc videos that are fucking dialed And then we're going to break it down and give them that as well It's like hey if you want to see some examples of like what a hitting ad does not just for this brand But like for all of our brands or even just like I don't know any any ads that we can find anywhere That's the only only other thing that we're going to add and we'll give that to you guys as well once it's done But that's our framework. That's it. So there's no scripts. There's nothing. It 's just like here's why you should care Don't do these things film the fucking video and then hooks and ideas b-rolls. That's it It depends on the brand like you know if we have a brand like for example The carapod company the human of our brand that we work with we found out like staying the steel is like hitting hard right now So we would probably go and tell creators like that would probably be our first concept is like talk about the staying the steel Side of things right because that's actually like hitting them or scaling But if you don't really have anything like hitting or scaling You probably shouldn't be like taking inspiration from what's in your account I'd be testing different swings like if you're starting at like 500 bucks or like a thousand bucks a day and spend and you want to be at 10 And you're like trying to iterate on your ad that's spending like 500 bucks a day It's just like bro like I would just test a different angle Right. So we're using we're putting a pretty decent variety based on your product based on the usps and a lot kind of stuff But yeah, some of them are iterations and some of them are just completely brand new ideas For like for the creators that we are asking about the creators that we actually on board like bring as a brand ambassador No, we still give this to them as well. So like even when someone we're like hey as a reminder here's the doc right and here's some ideas And we'll refresh this like After every campaign or like depends on what's hitting in the account But what we actually do I can't fucking I've got to do a different one because I don't think mo wants me to show them but We have a brand where we just did like a new Crater report and basically what it is is it's like all of the winning ads from 
[01:32:04] the last month We do this every single month and we share that with the creators and we explain why because we report for clients Anyways, and you guys should be doing this you guys should be like reviewing the ads that you made And we will share that with the creators. So it'll be like hey last month Here's our top five ads Here's some ideas that we have for this month you go Right and then again like at the end of the day that people forget is like they 're creators So a lot of them are just gonna have their own ideas anyways, right if like some sometimes creators again There's some videos coming out on this, but sometimes creators will mass address them like oh, what should we do this week? I was like, you know dealers choice do whatever you want to do and sometimes those are the ads that hit Because there's like I'm gonna make a video about something random and they do it For how many videos I mean we pay 500 for one a week So it's like it's like 125 about 100 was that 150 bucks or something about a video? I'm not good at math, but So We just start with one a week is then it's kind of easy to manage And then you know the creators that are really crushing it We like hey, do you want to ramp up volume or we put them on the Ascentive program that we I just chatted about so that's what we'll do This No, we send this to them after we're all sent you guys the updated incense campaign But yeah now our incense campaign is like this is again sell the vision right? It's more than just like doing the video It's like we're selling the vision of being able to work with this incredible company and becoming a brand ambassador and affiliate and making a shitload of money And so we sell the vision in the campaign as well. It's like we're we're not doing product city It's like we're we're looking for our next big creator and now it's like now. It's a completely different mindset You know and so like that's what we're saying on incense and then we send them this dog after Yeah, I am curious. I think I'm not sure if someone here is the right one. Someone here is doing products 
[01:34:02] eating with Social Instagram and TikTok Anyone here For them to sort of polish and then they're sort of where it gets around to that facebook group And then yeah, they want to see Instagram screen And you'll see a bunch of advances for different people ask just for products that are coming out of a The product and then obviously the second mission is great Okay, so the the create content or a just post inside facebook groups as well or both It's literally just we don't give any guidelines. It's sort of Heads up for us Make some videos because we've met them as well. So we look at Instagram and TikTok say okay, let's see the videos that make I think my career of like three fits all about products And then we saw GCS and then products and led one with it And if we test that usually they call us to the new button that I've been saving We've run out and add ethical forms to reach out to them and say hey, do you wanna jump on a potato? Exactly You get them on the floor to end up with that quality because then great performs and I'm sure it makes it more And that's super important a lot of people will take this concept and just go and hire a random fucking creator Like make sure it actually performs because then you know they know how to make content for you Right, that's a super important piece, but how long have you been doing that for? Yeah Are you running ads for the affiliate program or like for this creative program ? Organic Interesting Yeah, I had a question for you. I forgot as well. It's okay. You were born anything else on affiliate. I save a question. I do 
[01:36:12] It only a personal grant like so here I got this like performing they don't have like Proof that they're generally content that draws attention like So it's like more they know like what brands want from them is in a UCC aspect like setting lights on shop as well But they don't properly create it Do you call it your friend shaker like um, do you look at their you just test them in this way different change or do you what I'm planning to is In like hiring a brand investor how how there's like a lot of good examples there for example I And especially case impression brands I consider an art program plan or their shirts or like they have these like in their hair Like influencers that are really performing good on their own as well And they create content for them even just that I take over their socials as well I'm just hoping organic this as well, which is obviously like and they're really performing like crazy Which is really interesting for me to do that And I'm curious what do you guys think about that since like hiring a proper influencer that have like Like a good amount of followers on our own But with a lot of proof behind them Um, it's a great strategy. I'm just super unqualified to talk about it like our my goal is to just spend more on ads So it's like influencers definitely help but like it doesn't really Like in a way helps me spend more on ads, but like I just don't have an influ encer company Like I'm not really looking to make money from organic. I'm just looking to spend more on ads Yeah, yeah, yeah, you can you can but for us It's like yeah, like we found like for example life in a brand that we work with Like they hired brad mondo They paid him like 50 g's to do like a youtube ad or something like that And then we got the rights to run it and like that fucking ripped for us. So it 's like For me, there's a level of influencer for you guys. I don't even know if I can 
[01:38:00] say that by the way, but That stays here. Um, there's a level of influencer. That's like definitely worth it But for us, it's just not really our game I don't know a ton about it. There's a dude that did a talk and evolve about it like last year Um, if you can do it do it, but yeah, I would say for us We don't care what the creator looks like If they just make content that we can scale, I love them That's it like we have some of the ads, you know This girl I was trying to show you guys the credit report this this chick lives in a trailer And film this ad in a fucking trailer It's in that house It's our top performing ad Like it's crushing And it's like you would have never thought like being a trailer filming this ad like what the fuck, you know Um, so that's why we just test everything like we really don't care how it looks Unless it's really bad like we had this one dude had like the ring light In the video like it was stupid. It's like we didn't test that because like that's terrible Um, but we just test everything and again if it hits We hire them. That's it But for you like for fashion especially and I know well you were more google Yeah, like influencers can crash bro Like so I just I'm not very qualified to talk about it. I don't know if you Yeah Of course, we're not the most qualified but here's my take on this right in terms of hiring big influencers I think life wins influencer overall besides brand mondo were pretty unprof itable, right? Yeah, like the deal of how you'm an ad side How you be influencers for like 2040k for a video, but But they were building brand. Yeah, like and that's brand building is just a different game You're building association and that's what you're trying to do about what those people It's like oh this person uses it and that person uses it like I think the un boxing therapy guy did a video for life On the toothbrush and it's like we tested as an ad it did fucking nothing like we chopped it up It mixed it both over like oh my god. This is gonna hit it's gonna hit did nothing But from a brand perspective. Oh this guy this guy talked about the product must be pretty good Yeah, I think it's more of a strategy for later on if you want to get big influ encers They do work if you can get the right one Getting bread mondo for life and made them easily a few million. So it was 
[01:40:03] worth it then But I think for most of our cases like our winning creators don't have a crazy following also So but it's too crush it as as ads Yeah, but I also just think it's not even like Then having big following but just the experience they have on creating content for the audience. We're also targeting as well And just taking them, you know, maybe they're they're like it's 20 30 50k followers you can like on both the as like credits that are just in a sense paid on like a good way as well And get them like on board with the vision and they they basically act as what you guys described right now Like this you see great. It's just like more expensive more experience um, yeah, and the thing for me the only problem is hiring them as like um coming from dropshipping It's like we still have like customers that may or may or may not be in then you know I just want to open them and you know that the dropshipping like that Yeah, so it makes me not invest too much money there. Yeah, you definitely want to like if you're at a work with influencers You definitely want to be more branded for sure Anything else on affiliates guys are finding I mean right now we're just using incense Our udc manager I got over yesterday. She went through to my brands She said joint brands was like kind of expensive You guys can use any platform as a matter you said like only grow the car So they're particularly really focused and stayed and made on scripting and growing that particular account And how much they be able to grow it or water yet, always the biggest information out of it So instead of just staying on a product and creating my take on more than two videos And then the product just disappears Is have a pretty dated account or go brand and that is one creative metric So now we have like 20 accounts 20 creators and all these accounts they give like 20 000 followers How much do you pay that? It's our commission And you can even have a more dated account 
[01:42:02] That's all commission But we get like a big commission because we use the content more of life for the payhead So we get like 40 40 50 percent commission It's a big commission But that also forced them to make more content and we use that content and you know the that that volume To push our creates as well and spend hundreds of thousands on it. Yeah. Yeah And now we are coming to shore the land phase. Yeah, that's far. That's a sick guy. I've never heard anybody do that before That's pretty sick Right, I don't You got to give away a penthouse in Miami to get creators nowadays, bro Yeah That's sick though. I like that anything else on affiliates Cross that off how much time we got? Do you guys need a break or you guys good? Do you guys want to take like five or ten and then come back or are you guys following until lunch? Like you're supposed to be now. Oh lunch is right now supposed to be. Oh, shit. Okay, there's quite a few things that we need to go through first Well, are you guys gonna do you guys want to go eat? So he's probably gonna do it. Okay, you question? Okay, my bet my bet So what we're gonna do is we're gonna go out eat first When we come back, we're gonna break on into groups then we'll be covering some of these and going deeper into it We can try to knock some of the stuff out and then yeah, let's let's do the group Let's eat guys. Let's go 