
[00:00:00] All right, guys, so this is going to be the Legion calculator for the VIP list. Now, this is a pretty simple calculator to use. The main thing here is you just have to make sure that you take the time to go back and if you've never done this before, then obviously it's going to be a first try for you, but if you have done this before, then you should have data to go back and see specific numbers that you're going to want to know in order to be able to actually fill this up properly. So the way that this works is rather than running ads to give people the purchase today, what we're doing is we're running ads to get people to opt into a list for some kind of special VIP offer or, you know, waitlist only offer that is only available to them. Okay. And now this offer can be whatever it is. Say if your general public offer is 30% and you do a VIP offer for 35%, that's a great way to do it. If you want to just say like, hey, we constantly run out of stock, but if you 're VIP, you get early access, you get access a day before, whatever it is, we're trying to build and have a reason for why someone should opt in and give us their information before, you know, Black Friday and to basically build the list. Now, if you don't have a good email SMS team, I don't don't do this, like it just doesn't make sense. And this is coming from an agency that doesn't do email in SMS. So if you don't have a good email SMS agency or it's not existing, like don't waste your time with this, because how you email and how you text message these leads is very, very important. Now, with that said, to get to the actual calculator, there are basically five things you're going to input here. Number one is the total spend and we'll go ahead and show an example of this. The next is your cost per lead. So what you actually are willing to pay for lead and I'll show you based on specific conversion rates, what you'll be able to figure out what you'll be able to pay. And then from there, your average order value, so whatever your average order value is, again, for your specific offer, it might be hard for you to have that, but just try to rough estimate it, okay, or just try to have a rough estimate of what this will be. And then from there, you're going to have your conversion rate. 
[00:02:01] Now, to be honest with you, we've had people say this can be as high as 10 or 15%. Again, there are a lot of variables, how clear your ads are. If you just run ads that target anybody with a pulse and say sign up, then obviously your conversion rate is going to be lower. If you have very targeted ads for a very specific thing and a very strong offer and maybe like a lower average order value, your conversion rate might be higher, but just keep in mind that this is going to be different from brand to brand. What I would recommend doing is essentially whatever, you know, if you have a higher average order value in this range, like probably going to be on the lower end of, you know, and when I say higher, like above $200, you're probably going to be in the lower range of like two to four percent with your conversion rate from these leads. With that said, if your average order value is less than $200 to say you're selling like a $100 product or a $50 product, your average or your average conversion rate for each lead might actually be in the upwards of like six to 10%, sometimes even more. With that said, just go ahead and like think through it and be realistic with this as well. And then the final thing in here is your offer margin. So you really need to make sure that you don't just put your cost of goods sold in here, because for example, if you have your product that's $150 and you're running a 30% discount, you have to consider that discount when you're basically assessing your new margin, okay? So whatever your offer is going to be for this VIP offer, whatever that is, make sure you consider that as well. Now, once you have that, you're going to go ahead and input the data and then it will spit out down here a rough estimate of what you can expect. So for example, we had a client last year, we didn't really know what to do with this lead gen campaign. We're like, you know what, let's just go ahead and like spend a couple hundred hours a day. I think we did this for two weeks of like a hundred hours a day, we were collecting leads for $2.78. And so we got around 491 leads total, right? And so for example, if we go back into our sheet here, you can see that $2.78 cost the lead, you know, $1,300 spent. And our average order value for this was going to be a lot more expensive since we had a 
[00:04:00] very high ticket offer. And so our rough estimate for conversion rate was going to be around like 10%. And so we were expecting this because we basically blindly just followed the insights of another person. But long story short, we were more realistically on the 4% conversion rate. And I'll show you that in a second. And so at the end of the day, the main thing here is that if anything you want to underestimate, if you underestimate, great, because then anything else over that is gravy. But the main thing here is that you have to understand that the more you spend, just like with return on ad spend, the more you spend, the higher your cost per lead is going to go. So for example, if we had spent $5,000 and say we had spent $5 to get a lead, you can see this still would have been pretty solid for us. And we probably should, that's $50,000, this still would have been pretty solid for us. And this would have made sense because we would have actually made a decent amount of product. But again, you just have a profit, but you just have to make sure you're doing the numbers to figure out what makes sense for you and your business, okay, but just consider that the more you spend, the higher your cost per lead is going to go. Now from there, what you can see is that if I update to spend that down here, we're going to have a break even return on ad spend, which is based off of your offer margin. And you're going to have a total amount of revenue that will be generated. And basically the way that this is calculated is it's taking the total amount of leads that you've generated. It's going to consider that 4% of these leads will actually spend $370. And that's how it's getting the conversion rate of, or the total revenue of $7, 257. And then of course over here, you can see the break even, or sorry, the actual brochure on ad spend that we got from this campaign, which I'm going to show you in a second. And then the total profit that we got from this campaign as well. Now, that is very cool about triple well, is it actually allows you to have a lifetime attribution window for your lead gen ads. And what was interesting to us is we noticed Facebook actually caught quite a lot of this data as well, which is really good to see. 
[00:06:01] But you can see in this instance for this client, we had spent around $1,362. And with that $2.78 or $2.08 cost per lead, we were able to get a 5.43 extra return ad spend from this period that we ran this campaign, because what ended up happening is we ran this campaign two weeks before our VIP offer. And then basically we launched the VIP offer. And a lot of these people that were on our list actually came and purchased. In fact, 20 of them purchase and 16 of them were new customers, which is great, right? And so that's the whole idea of this. And again, for us, we figured out that the conversion rate was actually around 5.43% from this, which is again, still pretty good. But the main thing here is that you have to make sure that you are actually being realistic with these numbers. So here, I would rather have you underestimate than overestimate, like I mentioned in beginning. But the main thing is, is this can be a great way for you to actually scale further. Now, again, depending on your margins, it may or may not make sense. But for example, this year, our goal is to try to quite honestly spend 10 times as much as we did last year and only slightly improve our cost per lead, because as you can see, if we can do that and maintain our same conversion rate, even if we maybe drop a little bit, again, we were about a 5% last year, let's just project. We do it 4% this year. You can see that we would make an extra 10K of profit and $40,000 in revenue from this actual Legion campaign. So that is the reason why we do the Legion campaign. Make sure you play with the numbers. Make sure you underestimate if anything, right? Don't be like, oh, I'm going to get a 50 cent cost per lead and, you know, they 're going to convert at 15% because then what you're going to do is you're going to spend a ton of money and you're not going to make a lot back and you're not going to be very happy. But the main thing here is that be realistic again, but use this as a tool to try to project how many leads you can go and get to actually make your VIP offer great because at the end of the day, you're also getting around 2600 leads and those are just people 
[00:08:00] that actually ended up converting. These are people that you can still continue to email market to and, of course, you know, potentially get to purchase at a later date. So hopefully that all makes sense. And if you have any other questions around this calculator, please let me know. 