
[00:00:00] All right guys, so in this video super quickly, I'm gonna show you how to set your target ROAS now is very, very, very simple, okay? What you need to do is you need to make sure that you understand essentially what your gross profit margins are, okay? And so gross profit margin is what you're gonna do is you're gonna take the price of your product, okay? And say your product is $50, all right? If the cost to make the product, so what you pay the supplier plus what you pay them to ship it, let's just say is $15. Well, then that is your total cost. Now, if you wanna be like very accurate, what I would recommend that you do is you consider there's like a 3% processing fee or something like that, that Shopify charges, so 0.03%, there's another $1.50, so you're gonna pay another $1.16.50, including processing fees. You might wanna add a little bit more just for like extra padding of, I don't know, maybe you have to pay a handling fee or whatever it may be. You always wanna overestimate what your cost are versus underestimate, because if you underestimate, you might think you're making money and you're not. Whereas if you overestimate, you might think you're not making money, but you actually are. And so I'd rather you be in the second scenario than the first, okay? And then what you're going to do is if you do, for whatever reason, also charge shipping as well, you need to consider the price of product and shipping, but if you're just $50 all in and say, for example, your total cost is $16.50, that means your gross profit margin is around 0.67%. Don't factor in what you pay your video editor. Don't factor in what you pay yourself or for softwares or Shopify or any other kind of crap. Don't factor that in. We just have this one client that did that and it drove me nuts, 'cause that is not the product, okay? There's nothing to do with the product, but those are fixed costs. I understand that and we will talk about that later and evolve, but for most of you guys, you probably don't have fixed costs. So you don't need to worry about it. And especially for this video, we don't need to worry about fixed costs or anything like that. We're just focusing on what are the margins for the product specifically. Great, now we come up here and we have 67% profit margins. 
[00:02:01] Now, as I mentioned down below, you'll see in this module, the calculator is sometimes glitchy, okay? I'm working on having my developer fix this, but I just want you guys to know that sometimes the calculator is glitchy, okay? And so what you need to do is you just need to make sure you kind of delete numbers and put them back in just to double check that everything is all working, okay? And you can't leave this blank. You have to put a zero, all right? You'll see here it says ROI is NAN, okay? So it's a little glitchy, but just bear with me. What we're looking for here is what is our break even ROAs? So what this means is our break even ROAs based on this gross profit margin is 1.49. Now again, I just always recommend rounding up. So now we can very safely say that our break even ROAs is a 1.5. Now, what you're going to do to set a target KPI, and this is what we recommend brands to do, is just add one to that. Meaning, okay, I have a 1.5 because I rounded up, so I have a 1.5 break even ROAs. That means my target ROAs, I'm just gonna put that over here, is a 2.5, right? I added one to this, very simple, right? And so now if you spend $2,000 a month, you're gonna be profitable. If you spend $3,000 a month, you're gonna be profitable. It doesn't matter how much you spend, you are going to be profitable, okay? Now, where you can start to play, this doesn't mean that you have to scale down if you're at a 2.5. It just means that like this is your target safely. So if you're spending $2,000 a month at a 2.5, you can probably scale, okay? And so if say we increase our budget to 3,000, and because it's Facebook ads, our performance might dip a little bit, okay? So we might go from a 2.5 to let's just say a 2.2. This is where this calculator is here to be your friend, because let's take a look. 
[00:04:00] Well, we're spending $3,000 a month now, and now our ROAs is dropped to a 2.2, which means we're making $1,400 total, okay? $6,600 top line, $1,422 total in profit. Now, let's just go back and double check and compare that 'cause I forgot it to what our profit is with 2,000 and a 2.5. Well, as you can see here, our profit at 2,002.5 is only 1350. So it actually makes us more money if we spend more at a 2.2, not a lot more, but we're making a hundred bucks more, okay? And so the point here is, is you guys can scale at lower multiples as long as the spend makes up for it. Now, for example, let's just say we scale up to $5,000 or say $5,000 in general, and we scale all the way down, and let's say that puts us at like a 1.8X return on ad spend. Well, now we're doing $9,000 in revenue, as you can see, but we're making $1,000. So $5,000 at a 1.8 is actually less money overall, okay? And so you guys can play with this to figure out how much, how far you wanna scale, because right now you might have overscaled. So let's maybe go back to 4,000 and try to get back to, let's just say, a 2.1. Well, look, now we're making more money, right? And so as you can see, $4,000 at a 2.1 ROAS is a lot better than 5,000 at a 1.8, okay? And so what you need to do, just to be clear, this is not something that you look at on a day-to-day basis, okay? As you guys will see in the scaling like process, how to scale your ads up and down, you need to make decisions based on like three days bare minimum, and for a lot of you guys with the amount that you're spending, I mean, guys, like this is, you know, 100 or basically $100 a day, you need to be looking at this from like a seven-day basis. So for those of you guys, like, I might even just pull up my ad account just to show you. All right, so here we are in Spencer's teeny, tiny ad account. 
[00:06:01] You guys have probably seen some of our ads, okay, we're spending $300 a day, probably similar to a lot of you guys. Maybe you're spending less, maybe you're spending more, right? So we spent $10,000 total, and my overall rise is a 3.59. Now, Spencer should probably be scaling, but Spencer's a bit of an idiot, so he's not scaling. But the point is, is I don't really look at this on a day-to-day basis, because if we look at yesterday, we had a great day, 5.93 extra hours, that's awesome. What about today? Oh no, today we're at a 0.39. (laughs) I'm not panicking, I'm not turning everything off, right? I don't care, because for me, again, I'm a little bit higher ticket, but look at the performance. We just had two phenomenal days. What I look at is last seven, last seven, 3.3, okay, great. We should probably scale. What about the previous week? 6.78, oh wow, right? Pretty good. Now you guys have to understand that our performance is very rollercoaster, because we have a very high ticket product in Evolve, so whenever someone purchases an Evolve purchase, it skyrockets our ROAS, but I want you guys to understand that you can't panic on a one-day basis, okay? Now for those of you, you're going to experience rollercoaster performance because of the fact that you just don't have, you're just not as much spent, okay? And so if you see a 0.39 for like three days in a row, yeah, that kind of sucks. You should probably scale down, and scaling protocol, and basically the video that you guys are gonna watch will show you that. But my point is, is you guys need to be looking at this from like a seven-day window? Minimum, like, or not minimum, but like the earliest you can look at it is like three days, okay? And it's very simple where you can just come back to this calculator and be like, hey, I'm spending $100 per day right now. What's kind of the target that I need to be at to be making more money? 'Cause again, as you scale your ad spend, your ROAS is going to drop because what happens is when you tell Facebook, spend more money, you have to go to colder audiences, okay? And so that's just the most important thing for you guys to understand. I saw another question about this as well about like significant data, right? 
[00:08:00] If you have one ad set, get one purchase, and you're like, all right, time to double budget, you need more data, okay? And so Facebook needs more data just to make more decisions. So you can see here 51 purchases, 3.3, that's somewhat, somewhat more significant, right? So I'm happier with this. I'm like, okay, I could probably confidently bump budget here and feel okay about it, right? 'Cause my target ROAS is really anything above a one, but again, Spencer's an idiot. So at the end of the day, not an idiot, I promise, but at the end of the day, this is how you guys can set your target KPI. Again, whatever your break even is, just add one. And then if you wanna scale slightly below it, as long as it makes you more profit, then you're good. The only time you should be worried is for example, when you're running at like a 1.5, you should probably be scaling back because you're losing money. Now again, I'm gonna have a video that talks about how to calculate your minimum budget. You should have a minimum budget that you need to stick to, but my point is, is again, if you're running that break even, which a lot of you might be, you need to focus on ads. That's what you need to focus on because new ads are going to help this 1.5 go to a two, which all of a sudden, look at that. A half a point increase, and we go from making $15 a month to making a thousand dollars per month. It's a little bit better, okay? Hopefully this makes sense, guys. That is how you can set your target KPI. Again, whatever your break even is, just add one. That's your target. And so again, if you're at a three X ROAS, well guess what, you could probably scale. And let's say we can double our budget and that takes us down to a two. Again, are we making more money at a three X? Are we making more money at a, with 3,000 in spend? Are we making more money with a two X and 6,000 in spend? Now, for a lot of you who are more advanced, maybe you're going to look at revenue and be like, hey, I'd really have $12,000 in revenue and $2,000 in profit, that's fine. Maybe you have a product that people can buy again and customers mean. And I'm not even going to get into LTV in this program. We talk about that and evolve because you guys don't even need to think about that. You just need to focus on being profitable, okay? 
[00:10:01] So hopefully that makes sense. If you guys have questions around this again, let us know, but this should be very straightforward. 