
[00:00:00] I'll come again to evolve, Sean here. So in this video, we're covering how to scale your econ brands to $10 million per month. What should you focus on in each stage of revenue? There are three buckets over here. The first bucket is $50K per month to $300K per month. Second bucket is $300K per month to $3 million per month. Third stage, $3 million per month to $10 million per month. All right. I also linked 10 films below so you can skip right to your bucket of revenue. But it's also good to go through it, you know, in full, so you can cover your fundamentals regardless. I also prefaced this by saying evolve program should be going through top to bottom regardless of what stage of revenue you're currently in. I'll jump straight into it. So the first stage of revenue, $50K per month to $300K per month. If you're doing less, any evolve, we also have a training on how to go from $0 to $100K per month. It covers all into focus on the things that matter, the things that don't. If you're doing less, it's highly recommended to go through this training first . Besides that, the keyword here is volume. If you do enough work, if you test enough products, test enough creatives, something is going to stick you're going to hit in this revenue bucket already, right? So you only have a finite amount of time. What should you spend your time on, what should do more volume on, and what should you avoid? That's it. Masterclass over here covers what you need to focus on. But the evolve program as well is our internal training, right? It's always updated. It's what our team does every single day. So everything inside here is what we focus on. Everything outside of this is not really things that we spend too much time on. It's also helpful that you have access to us. If you have any questions, you know, should you do big caps or cost caps? Of course, you can search it up in the Discord. No, it's always there, ask questions anytime, because this idea has also been asked before. You can search it up or just ask us no worries. I'll tell you whether it's dumb or not to test it out. 
[00:02:01] This way you can focus on what actually matters, and that's what success comes down to, right? Doubling down on what matters and not doing the things that don't. Great. Next thing is using to learn marketing fundamentals. You can rip enough creatives to get to this stage. It's super easy, right? But if I ask you how do you actually market, you can just tell me, oh, reap creatives, use AI to copy paste scripts. That's not how it works. That's how it works, right? And in evolve, the first action you'll see is why do ads work, which covers some basic marketing fundamentals, which will apply to every single thing you do, from creatives to your landing pages, emails, yarrow, et cetera. You may have heard of terms like market awareness or market desires. But most people don't fully grasp it, and most people don't have to apply it to their creative, so what they do. So it's covered in the modules over here as well. And when you go through the modules that are done online, we also reference the psychology section. The fundamentals method the most, every single thing you do. Besides that, you need to understand what makes a good creative. What is creative strategy in the first place? How should you do creative strategy? It's not ripping stuff. It's not single competitor is doing it, ripping them. It's all about understanding your customer, right? Researching. And this way we have a very long module over here on how to actually do the research, and then how do you get the content and how do you actually execute it. That's why a creative strategy comes down to, right, it's end of day, it's just research. What do customers actually like? I'll do more of that. This way, you focus on ideations, fresh ideas instead of making what competitors are already doing, because why will then people buy from you instead of them if you're just copying what they're doing? You wouldn't be able to steal very far this way. Besides that, I put in more volume, but my coach always used to tell me this. 
[00:04:01] Practice doesn't make perfect. Perfect practice makes perfect. Okay, what does I mean, right? So if you just keep ripping creatives and doing whatever volume, that's not the good rep. You are making more creatives, but this means it's good, whereas if you actually took the time to learn how to do proper creative strategy, research-backed ads, you know , all your ads have intent behind them, yes, it will be hard at start, but over time, once you develop this skill and you get much better at it, you'll be able to steal your brand way, way further than if you were just taking the easy path in. And you need to make sure that whatever you do is tracked from your product test to your creative test, because we have sheets involved as well. For example, in the how to make ad-section, our growth guide here, you guys need to use this growth guide, our statistics and all the other stages, because it's very, very important to track all the creatives you're doing, why you want to create them in the first place, who you want to target, and then doing their names on them, it's very important for you to be to know why you want to do something in the first place, it's like how people say if you're on a loose weight, you're just like way, way of food, because you know what's going in and out. If you're doing so much volume, like do you actually know what you're doing, that's why it's important to track it, you get more results this way. The last stage, making limiting beliefs. I didn't know it was possible to hit 100k per day until I saw someone else do it. Same thing. If you're at this stage, maybe you think, "Oh, I need to hire a bunch of team members to build this field in the next stage." Not true. Evolve has people from a broad spectrum, right, to keep in mind, all the way to eight figures from where. You get to see what the big dogs are actually doing to steal their brains, or how simple their strategies actually are. It's really limiting beliefs on what is possible. And if you just go to the winschat with Evolve, you see these dudes doing 200k 
[00:06:01] per day, so you just hit 100k per day today, and it took like three months to hit it. It's not shit. You usually see it is very, very rare, but that's the whole point. I want to show you what is possible. Once you see that it's possible, if you put in enough reps in volume, you will be able to hit it as well. That's all you need to know and focus on for this stage to get to the next. But now you've done all of this, putting enough volume to do your creative strategy. Great. Now you're in this stage, how do you steal to the next level? After you put enough volume, you need more intent. Let's keep it for this stage, right? It's avoiding junk creative volume. Yes, people tell you to test more creatives, more doesn't mean better. Interprietize your building at rate. What does that mean? In the same creative roadmap sheet, I mentioned in the previous stage, it's all going to evolve. How to meet ad section. If you had a 20% hit rate on 30 creatives a month, that's 6 winning ads a month . Or if you had 100 creatives per month, 1% hit rate. It's only 1 winning ad per month. You actually have a higher, you will be scaling creating less creatives. Funny how it works, right? So the problem is once you put enough volume, sometimes you put it up so much volume that the volume per hour actually is pretty junk, right? It's a term in the gym. You do enough sets, you do so much sets that some of the sets you do just don't contribute to grow up anymore. That's the same thing here. Junk creatives. So it's important that you know your number is very, very well. Sometimes you are pushing so much volume that your hit rate drops. It's a really good idea to just turn down the, tone down the creative volume to practice a hit rate. So overall, you get the higher winning ads per month. 
[00:08:01] And now the winning ads are all we care about. But you need to know when to push volume and when to push in send. You won't notice unless you actually track it, right? Of course, you can have winning ads scale your brand all the way to cheer me on those women. But that's not the only level, right? People are still one dimensional. That's multiple things you can do beyond just creatives or scale. For example, at base CRO. So we have a whole CRO program involved as well over here. And our approach to CRO is a bit different. It's not just with testing things on the website, you know, testing at the cards or whatever it is. Because we used to do that. But the thing is for most of you guys who run Facebook ads, it drives majority of your business, like when we tested these off things on paper, you know, on the teleg rams, convert whatever it be testing tool you use, always says that the profit goes up, the revenue goes up, but my ad account, the robot doesn't go up. In that case, I don't actually scale. So my split testing isn't helping me scale. What's the point of doing it? So our conclusion was, okay, how do we do CRO so that ad accounting on scale from that? And we came to the conclusion of doing landing pages for creatives, easy enough , it's not just regular landing pages, congruent customer journeys from your ad to the lender, meaning okay, if I had a winning ad, what if I just created a winning landing page for that? People go from the same angle, from the same set of awareness to the same customer journey on a landing page. Because you can get a winning ad that doubles your spend, you can also get a winning landing page that doubles your spend, right? So you go at twice the growth rate, and it's funny, this evolved CRO program used to be free. Some of you guys may have it, some of you guys may not, because you're joining sooner. The dudes who apply it, they've scaled their brands much further just because 
[00:10:00] they had a winning landing page, very, very easy, right, front end, back end, easy, both side scale. They don't actually, like, the dudes who got it for free, didn't really even try to create landing pages. The dudes who did actually try to create landing pages from it, made it take great, therefore it's now a paid program, just so you guys actually pay more attention to it. It is very, very important, right, basically you just double your business if you can get winning the new page. Yeah, so on another level, and on another level we have as well as our UGC method, right? You guys have a whole module about this in the evolved main program. It's under the how to get content section, because you need to be able to generate content at scale, right, and just paying those creators, like, $1, $200 every video isn 't going to be like sustainable, isn't going to be the best method, right? We get our UGC for free, true product seating, and we turn our product seaters into creative strategies. So I was complicated, but in the module, you'll dive deeper into what it actually is. So we can get a bunch of content for free, as scale, and any winning creators we get, we turn them into mini creative strategies, and then we build like small teams out of them. That's the next stage, right? So you just think of your brand in different parts, we call it basically teams. You have one team from Mediavine, then you have the team for the CRO, you have the team for the UGC, et cetera, they all kind of work together in one loop, because there's not only one level in creative, there's levers in the UGC, there's levers in the CR O. For context, last year our heat rate on images in videos were 5%, but our heat rate on this raw content was 15%, that's three times higher, because the UGC we got was actually very authentic, not like the Twitter style you see on a few reasons why or whatever. So once we get a brilliant creator, we just turn them into brand ambassadors, 
[00:12:02] basically we just want to retain it to create more content. Exact details are in the modules, okay? So these are additional levers we pull beyond just creative. Besides that, on the creative side, it's important that you start doing feedback loops, because once you start doing more creative, chances are you've made a lot of using creative steps as well, that you understand why they worked or why they didn't work, because creating a reading ad just comes down to understanding why the previous winners did that work and why your previous losers didn't work, you just stop making the same mistakes you did before, right? It sounds simple in theory, almost no one does it, right? Again, in the growth guide we use, we check all our creators inside, we also do the learnings inside as well, there are modules on how to do the learnings, what questions to ask, and then once you do the learnings, how do you create new ads from that, right? Besides that, the last thing is just knowing that for your creatives, it needs to all just be researched back, because at a certain point you want to push more volume, but it doesn't work out, right? Because you get a lot of junk volume, as mentioned, so you need to make sure that each creative you make has intent behind them, so the highest likelihood of creating winning ads, and really the basics of creation really comes down to these things, right? How do you get engagement and convert at the same time? Maybe that is doing research on, you know, what do my customers want to see, what problems do they want solved? At the same time, you do research on social media, if your audience is study plus, maybe your Instagram a lot, okay? On Instagram, in that niche, organically, what gets a lot of spend? Or gets a lot of engagement? What if I just use that format and put my own messaging on it? Because now it gets both engagement, and I know the messaging is something that hits them deeply, targets the right desire in persona, so you can both get engagement and convert, which means it will get spent as one, and it will also convert at the same time 
[00:14:03] , without create scale. At this stage, it's all about intent, through your creatives, through the feedback loops, through the research, as well as these other levels you need to pull. On to the last stage of revenue from $3 million per month to $10 million per month. How do you mix volume with intent, that scale, by focusing on systems? For context, if you look up comfort, C-O-M-F-R-T, in their two years of business, they did 500 million. In January 2025, they just did 40 million. Crazy. How? Leverage, the number one thing talks about merging in the States. So imagine if you created 10,000 creatives per week, how are you going to compete against that? By the team of yourself, how do you find your own leverage and where should you double down on? At this stage, you probably have something that you do very well, maybe you're really good at creatives, maybe it's good at UDC, maybe it's good at getting the creators in. Every day leverage is stick to that and double down on it. And it could be, if you're really good at getting creators in, yeah, build the whole creative network. It's great. If you're really good at strip writing, perfect. How do you then source everything else, except strip writing so you can focus on your zone of genius. It could also be being able to hire your creative systems, creative team, et c etera, so you can focus on other tasks. Every person's needs, every person's toolset is very different. Needs to find your unique leverage and double down on that. And so you've done through the previous stages. You know how to create good landing pages, good UDC, good creatives. It's about how you systemize it in the first place. Let's make sure that, imagine it's all individual parts, individual teams, team for media buying a team for CRO, a team for UDC, but obviously learning is get transferred across all of these parts. 
[00:16:00] If you had already good UDC coming, great, you became running it, then it goes to the creative team. Creative team then creates a new winning ad based out of the learnings they had from that UDC. Then the CRO team, you know, with the learnings they had from the UDC and creative team, then creates a landing page congruent to that ad, then it all works in one whole loop and all compounds. That's what in to focus on. In order to do that, you need to first be able to find eight players and incentivize them. This is the biggest thing that people get stuck on at this stage. They just can't hire someone who's good. Oftentimes it's not because good talent exists, they just don't work for you, right? So how do you actually sell yourself, how do you position yourself to be attractive to prospects, how do you incentivize them to work with you, just how to be long- term with you as well? It's a very important skill by itself. And you guys aren't good at it because if you spend a few years doing marketing , it makes sense why you're good at it. Did you spend the same amount of time hiring? You didn't, which makes sense why you're bad. Any evolve, if you go towards the team and hiring chat, check the pin messages via the hiring guide insight of our process, such that how do we incentivize our creative strategist, video editors, some good nuggets here and there as well, all in the evolve, right? So you need to be able to position yourself, sell yourself, sell the company, sell your vision, and you guys who come from the European background, it's a very new thing, right? Vision, you know, these are things that are new terms, but really it's very, very important to have these down when you want to actually fight eight players, okay? Beyond that, it's how do you incentivize and how do you align your personal goals to your brand goals? Because realistically, if they were so good at doing creative strategy, they can send their own brand very easily. 
[00:18:01] What should they work with you? How do we really benefit from working with you? Maybe if the, each asked them also regularly, like what actually are your, what incentivizes you? What are your goals? If I said your goal was just to be the best at something or risk to make more money, yeah, I'd spend if you hit anything else, easy for money, but beyond money, what is it? Because they can easily go through a big company like RISE, they paid them what you can pay them. So what does it be on monetary? Maybe they want to be the best at something great, you can connect with people, you evolve, to get them learnings, pay for consulting calls for them, et cetera, so they can get what they want. And at the same time, you'll be more motivated to, to work harder in the business for you. It's a very, very concept because a lot of us, we'll start from drop-tripping backgrounds staying in terms of quick ROI. I hired this person for 5K, they need to start making 10K per month or whatever it is. Irritity is not always the case, right? You might lose money the first month, but then long term wise, they get better at it, and then they start making a lot, a lot more money for you. But don't be cheap about it, okay? So the next thing to focus on is how to train teams, how to train and build e- level playing fields for everyone to thrive. If you could turn any lead player into a player, because you are really good at coaching, teaching people, systemizing everything, you have much, you take off the burden of only hiring eight players, right? And if you can turn everyone into eight players, you have a very, very strong skill set, and you can skill very, very far. Comfort, for example, we took as an example, it's good at this, right, makes the way it's still hard. There's so much ticker shop creators, but he helps on a call with them weekly, of course, learning is called what's working, what it's not. Okay, we talked about it in a previous section, Completing Feedback Loops, the How to Complete Feedback Loops at Skill, as well, systems. And then he has also systems in order for his top creators to train his junior creatives, right? 
[00:20:00] And then they become even even better. They eat all compounds, that's the point of hiring eight players in the first place. They cost a lot of money, they cost a lot of time as well, right, to be able to train them. And you want to hire for good culture, which is why, if they have good culture for it as well. They might not get it even in the first month, you know, ROI might be down in the first month, but if you have good enough trainings, eventually once they get it, they get a good culture, they become eight players, eight compounds, they're going to work hard for you because you taught them how to do it, they get a monetary incentive, their personal goals aligning with your brand goals, everything skills up, right? It's not just, it's not going to be linear at a point, it's going to be exponential. As you hire more eight players, each person is going to bring each other up, everything is explosive, just like the exact same thing comforted. That is how you want to steal the ten million dollars per month. But if you can't get the crazy, you know, flywheel, there are many other ways to find leverage. For us nowadays, it's AI. How can you then create AI so good that it can automate your creative strategy, or it can assist maybe with the training, with the compounding effect, whatever it is , okay? Just why it involves yourself, AI chat section, people inside chat about whatever, they're what's working for them in terms of, you know, automating landing pages or automating creative learnings, et cetera. Also in the pinned messages, you see some Golden Knights here as well, but let 's all need to focus on at this current stage. Of course, it's more like it goes into it, but I think these are the main levers. So basically, we've covered at each stage what you need to focus on. Very likely, you're going to need to, you're going to be coming back to this video, right? Once you get to from one stage to the next, you rewatch this video and see what you need to focus on. That's it for this video, remember to go through the Evolve program, sub to the bottom, it's not on and then you might need to revisit things again and again, and if you have any 
[00:22:00] questions, don't be shy to ask us in the server. 