
[00:00:00] Hey guys, how's it going? A lot of the module. This one's going to be a pretty insightful one because this is a performance tracking dashboard. So a lot of you that's essentially validated the product, already got a few top-winning ads are scaling and you essentially have this stage where you're on a growth stage, right? One of the critical thing is ensuring that you have a dashboard way of tracking performance, not just how much property you're making, but also understanding all of these different costs in the business and tracking it from percentage standpoint, which I want to go over. So this kind of template here, which I've created for you guys. What I want is a bit more, there's a lot more to it. So for example, for me, my revenue, I have Amazon, I have TikTok, I have a lot more going on, but this is a simplified version. And I think the great thing about this template is you're able to customize it the way you want it, right? And it makes it like, that's what makes it like powerful. Now, obviously you can use triple world, all of this stuff, but with triple world, you're not able to see your business from this lens, right? It doesn't break it down for you. And this here, you're able to have formal customization. So I'll use it personally myself. And basically I took the structure from PetLab. So PetLab's got something exactly the same, their one obviously is automated and is built on Power BI, but their structure and the way they see the business is exactly how I'm kind of laying out here. So yeah, essentially I'm going to walk through it. And all of these kind of like, what you see the blue section here is something that you need to manage to put in, right? And you can get this on Shopify, most of it. Ultimately, when I started running my business, I was putting these numbers myself manually every day. And the great thing about why you wanna manual and put those numbers is it allows you to think through the business. And you wanna basically, you know, if you don't track your numbers, not just like say the top line numbers, but every single granular cost of the business, you know, you end up gonna go, I just start scaling, there's gonna be so much inefficiencies. You wanna make sure you don't know every single of your numbers. But yeah, like I said, I was tracking every day myself, but now I have the V8, I was doing it on a daily basis. So that way I, you know, I'll wake up in the morning, it's all filled in for me and ready to go. Okay, so I have all the definitions here and also how to get it. If anything is missing, just let me know. I'll have to answer it in school. 
[00:02:00] But yeah, ultimately, you know, all the blue ones need to fill in. Let me go through line by one line. The first part here is about understanding your transaction and refunds. So this is your payment fees and refunds. So right now, you know, you know, a lot of you, I don't know if you're tracking your refunds or not, or just eyeballing it every day, verb is allows you to input your refunds. And the reason why this is important is and why I got percentage here as well, is because, I mean, ultimately, let's say for refunds, like there are industry standards for refunds. For example, in my cases, health and wellness, typically you want to be anywhere, like, sub 2%. And ultimately, I should just start scaling. You should not be looking at actual values, you should look at the percentage. So for me right now, if I see like a refund spiking, I'm going to speak to my, you know, customers who are seeing and try to understand what's going on there. So you want to get the percentage of your refund and how's that tracking over time, ultimately, the goal is to get further down with that. That means, you know, you're improving. And yeah, so you want to have your payment fees as well. So you input that, then this will spit out automatically. But yeah, like I said, all of these are calculated, you don't need to touch your sedges and input these numbers here. Like your revenue is, yeah, your sales. So how much sales you've done? Again, this is something you input here and it's explaining here. Like, what does your net sales mean? So a lot of people look like, oh, I've done 5K in revenue, where the reality is, if you remove every single cost from refund from payment fees from promotions, way less than that. So that's what net sales is. Your net sales, if you look at the calculation, is your total sales take away refund payments and also promotion. Now promotion is basically any kind of like discounts, you're running and all of these other stuff, right? That's what it is. So if this gives you net sales, so this is a key number. Like, this is what I look at mostly is my net sales, okay? This is what's kind of hitting the bank, I guess. The second layer you have to input is your cost. So what is your cost of goods? And once you input your cost of goods, you get your CM1. What does CM1 mean? It's your contribution margin one, okay? So if you go here, your CM1 is essentially your net sales, take away your cost of goods. And the reason why you wanna attract that is, 
[00:04:00] and like I said before, there are industry standards for these percentages. For example, in my space, I wanna be operating at 85% or an above, okay? So for example, if my CM1 is 80, I know either. I am either my cogs, my supplier is way too high. I need to speak to them. If it's still high, it's like, oh, by the way, you guys are not moving not volume to get to that target. Then I know, okay, I need to sell more so I can get towards my target CM1. Or either, perhaps your selling price is way too low. That's why your CM1 is low, right? If you increase your price, your revenue increase, and your revenue would be, you know, and if you do the same cogs and we have higher revenue, that would decrease. So this CM1 here gives you an idea on where I should be. Now, the next level here is your shipping. Okay, you can put your shipping here and this gives you a CM2. So your CM2 is essentially your CM1, take away your shipping and fulfillment costs. So this will be shipping, fulfillment costs, pack and pick, or everything that's regarding the cost to get the product to the customer. Then this will give you a CM2. And again, you have industry standard for this, and you can find these online, so you can speak to other operators and find out. But yeah, this allows you to track your CM2. This is where I guess the biggest portion of, you know, your revenue percentage of revenue gets spent. So this is where you add all your advertising stuff. So obviously you've got Amazon, if you're running Google, you add Google in there, and if you've got TikTok, you can credit up a column in that TikTok. So this will give you, so I haven't added promo in there. Promo is not really marked. It's part of marketing, but it's not like a marked ad spent. So if you, then this will basically sum up your total ad spent, then it'll give you a mark mark, which is your marketing efficient ratio. Like I love you, we'll know this figure. And then what this will give you is your CM3. So when you do your CM2 take away all your marketing expenditure, you'll get your CM3. And basically, yeah, you'll get a figure here. And what I think a lot of you do, and I think, I don't know if Triple World does this or not, but a lot of people report on this, oh great, I'm making 18% margin. But what you don't realize is 
[00:06:00] there's other operating expenditure. So right, for example, you can customize this the way you want, this is how I do it. So I have obviously, I spend a lot of money on tools. And for me, for example, let's say I'm spending 3K on tools, right? So I will do 3K divided by day of the month 30. It's basically working on average 100 pound a day. So I basically put a daily average I spend on tool. And also overhead, I put a daily average. And also on ads and creative, I put a daily average. And probably like, for example, for me, the reason why I put a figure there, because I'm spending a lot of UGC creators, I'm spending a lot on other kind of like creative, ways to get creatives. For example, right now, if all of your costs is basically like, using AI voiceover and B roles and all of this stuff, there's not like most of it will probably settle the tools, like these are tools. But for me, a lot of these are like UGC creators and so forth. Now ad hoc is really like just random cost that comes up. Like every month I realized myself, you do get these ad hoc costs. So I basically put a rough figure here for myself. Some month I don't use it, some month I do use it. So I just have this as a safety buffer. So what this will give you is, this is kind of your operating expenditure as a person as your net revenue. So obviously, you know, as your business there are like a percentage efficiency that you want to be aiming for. For example, overheads, there are a certain percentage that you want to have it as a percentage of net revenue. Tools as well, there's a percentage. I've baked in this whole percentage here myself. Like typically, you know, I tend to aim around 6% around that mark for myself. So this allows me to determine whether I should increase budget across certain aspects, whether I should bring in someone new, whether I should, you know, maybe pay for that tool or not. So this allows me to see from everything I'm spending right now across all of these key areas. I might get, I guess within the range I want it to be. Then ultimately, this is where your net profit sit, which is your CM2 take away all your expenditure. And ultimately, yeah, you get your net profit. So ultimately, this is kind of a simple structure where you guys can use and start really operating your business like a proper business and track everything. And ultimately get used to these percentages 
[00:08:01] and start finding out what is like the range that you should be aiming for. And you can ultimately use those percentages and start optimizing when I'm right. So this is the first part. 