
[00:00:00] The second part is pretty straightforward and simple. Here, I basically, this is again, I use this myself. This is where we track our blend of the CAC and new customer and return customer. Again, I have my VA units every day. So ultimately, let's say this is a new customer line here and let's say you have a target count of 60. And what I've done is I've color coded this on my side. So I've done here anything, I guess less than 60 is good. Anything between 61 and 70 is like, anything about 70 is bad, okay? So ultimately right now, every day I get my VA to input this. How many customers I'm getting? What is the total DTC spend? What's the total new customer? You know, what percentage of my revenue is new return customer and ultimately, what's your new customer rights in your CAC? So the way I use this is if I'm scaling or descaling, obviously my major buyer is using this in a moment, but he'll be like, okay, two great days of like performance. All right, let's scale 20%. And okay, a terrible day. Yeah, certainly one day, hold it. Another good day. Okay, we basically use this as a way to, in a way optimizing for this will allow you to start, you know, driving substantial profit as you, you know, drive this return customer revenue. So for me, you know, I've been doing this for the past three, four years for my business. So I have so much data. And you can imagine once you have all of this data that goes back for months and months and months, if you overlay that with kind of like, you know, connectors, your sheet to like an AI, black cloth and build some form of an output, you can start looking at trend lines, you can start. This part here is your new customers are influenced by Meta. Automating a lot of things on this, what percentage of my revenue is returning customer? Depending on the category in for health and wellness, that should be growing over time because ultimately, that's what you kind of like. Again, as a business, as you grow, you want to be tracking and now we can, you know, we can, we can see what we want to do. Every day me and my major buyer and my whole team will look at this and start, you know, talking about, okay, what's going on and what we need to do, doing to scale, or anything else that you want to, you know, action from this, returning customer, sheet yourself, which will allow you to surface insights that, you know, will allow you to further optimize your business. But yeah, I mean, these are the, I think personally, these are the two most critical part when it comes to, you know, building a business, is tracking your numbers and just ensuring 
[00:02:01] that you're tracking your new customer and return customer and just make sure you're optimizing based on blending numbers because most of you are probably spending most of your money on MetaNOA. So both, but yeah, I hope that is useful and insightful. And if you have any questions, just hit me up and happy to answer them. 