
[00:00:00] What's up guys, Grayson here to give you the absolute most saucy sauce you've ever seen of your life. So as some of you guys are aware, meta is changing. They are no longer accepting credit cards, and this is probably the best thing to ever happen to you. I've been preaching this a long time before this has even changed, but I'm going to walk you through how the meta invoice change is actually going to unlock unlimited profit for your business. There's, I'm going to reference a couple other videos in here, but this is probably the best thing to ever happen, especially if you're in e-commerce, specifically subscription-based e-commerce. All right, let's talk about this. We've got three ways that people pay their meta invoices. We're going to start from the left on the Virgin, then we'll go to the Decent, and then the Chad scaling side of it. The Virgin is how a lot of people get started. And if you've already seen the figure out of this league, feel free to skip forward. But this is how a lot of people get started and make myself a little smaller here. A lot of people get started with this very, very simple way of medicine sends me a bill and I pay it with my bank account or my credit or my debt card, excuse me, immediately. They usually bill an $800 to $2,000 increments. You get billed, you pay it, and that's it. The pros are on this. This is the only pro about this is you never have any kind of debt. Now there's a mental effort here. I had to go through this a lot as I started growing my business and growing my career. Debt is actually a very, very good thing. Growing up I was taught debt is awful. We don't want it. There are different kinds of debt. But debt is usually a very, very good thing if it is structured correctly. And you are disciplined with the way you run your business. The cons on this, the bad things, is that it's actually like the worst thing you could ever do for the capital of your business, for the health of your business, and the growth of your business. There's not a lot of good things I can really say about that, which is why this is like F.T. Your virgin style, worst thing you can really do, which is why I want to move more towards. This is what I see pretty often, and this is like the decent 30-day meta billing. And this is what's going away. 
[00:02:00] This is the paying things with the credit card. This will no longer exist. So this is probably you. This is probably you right now, okay? Metabills you every $800,000 to $2,000. You usually pay it with either an MX Gold or the Chase Sapphire. You get net 30 to pay it off, okay? You get your statement, you get 30 days to pay it off, and that's about it. Super straightforward. Pause on this. Gives you more time to pay credit cards, giving you a larger cash conversion cycle. So if you haven't watched the other videos I've done, a cash conversion cycle is the time in which you spend your money until you get a profit, right? Net 30 credit cards are a great example. If I am acquiring subscriptions from an e-commerce brand or LTV in general, and I have a net 90 or net 60, whatever the acquisition window is, where I do not make money on an acquisition or offerable contribution margin until 90 days out, this helps soften the blow, right? Net 30 terms. This helps quite a bit. Additionally, airline and MX points add up at large scale. This is a nice to have. I'm not going to discredit this. A lot of the reason why people spend advertising dollars on credit cards is because it is a non-taxable event which allows you to go on great trips, get upgrades to the first class, get hotels, get food, get cash back, all of these things which are great for the owner and the lifestyle of the business which doesn't really affect your P&L or your profit and loss statements. A big problem about it is it doesn't matter. It's going away. You can't do this anymore. The era of meta is going to be over. I wouldn't be surprised if they walk it back, give us another 30, 60, 90 days to get this taken care of. But the official word is we have like April. We have until April to get this done. Which brings in, in my opinion, the best way of doing this ever, the chat. Okay? This is what I preach. I've been preaching this for years. This is how you can scale a business from zero to $5 million in like six months without having any capital, having no money. This is the best way of doing it. The chat scaling meta billing workflow. All right. First thing. 
[00:04:00] Met invoicing. This has existed forever. Most people just don't use it. I don't know why. I mean, I do know why, but most people just don't use it. Invoicing on meta has existed forever. It's been a thing forever. And you'll notice that a lot of the really, really large scale business is use it. Don't explain why. It's a 30 day net term, but they technically have a 15 day grace period. We'll so we'll say 14 days because you don't want to pay any 15 thing to get totally screwed. But let's just saying that 45 from that is 30 plus 15 because that's their grace period. This is where this gets complicated. I'm going to open your eyes to the world of the future of meta billing using a third party to pay your invoice, because meta is going to make you pay this via wire transfer, ACH. They will not allow you to pay this with a credit card paying with a third party. Now I have three options here. Okay. I've got Melio go.com and plastic. All of these are great. You're going to pay a fee between 2.5 to 2.9%. It's going to be close to a 2.9 depending on how long your business brown, but let's just say 2.9. Melio is my personal favorite because you can get set up in like 30 minutes and run on it like that. It takes no time and you can start running on it immediately. I know people who've put a million dollars through it pretty quickly and have had no problem getting anything approved, but Melio is probably my favorite. Again, what these tools allow you to do is to take your meta invoice and pay it with a credit card. Now I know a lot of you, your brains are already thinking like, Oh, I see where we're going with this. I see how this makes sense. Using the Chad credit card to pay. Now I'd say a lot of people use the MX Gold card. We're going to rank these in like F tier to absolute S plus. And I think the American Express Gold card is like F tier and I'm explaining why a lot of people use this thing. I'm not a huge fan of it for many reasons. A lot of people see the three X, four X, whatever their deal is on points. It's only for the first $150,000. 
[00:06:00] After that, it goes back to normal and it's just not even worth it. When you think about like that, it's just not even worth it, right? Now we've got like the middle of the road. This is a really good credit card. It's just the platinum super standard. There's some others out there that I'm going to talk about in a second, but the platinum is like the go to you usually get the highest limit on the platinum and you get 2% back on all purchases over $5,000, aka this is what we're going to be using it for. And then the first two mill, it's only for the first two million. You get that by 2% back. And then after that, it drops to 1%. So you know, when you get past the certain scale level, like this doesn't make sense either because now you're only getting 1% back, but it's unlimited 1% which helps. Now here's like the absolute go like nobody knows about this. This is the unsexy grandpa's new balance like credit card. I love this card. I love this card more than anything I've ever loved in my entire life because you get net 60 turns with it. Net 60 terms plus 1.5% statement credit, which is like 1.5% back basically. So unlimited, unlimited 1.5% back. Now, how does this play together? And some of you guys, like I said, you're thinking about this, oh, hold on. If I get net third, net 45 year and then I use this tool to stick net 60 on it, weren't net 105 pretty gangster. It is pretty gangster. It's actually amazing. This is what allows you to scale it limits that other people can really only dream of, which let's break down the billing cycle from like the pros and cons, pros, insane payback period to scale crazy on meta and our LTV, I'm in five days, like I said, the rewards bring down the service cost. So like I said, at 1.5% and let's say you get the high end, the 2.9%, that's you're basically paying 1.4%. You're basically paying 1.4% to get 105 day net turns because it's what's going to shake out to, you're getting paying 1.4%, which would make this like the cheapest 
[00:08:03] loan ever at 4% APY, absolutely insane. This also, I talked about this from LTV perspective. I have an entire other video that talks about this, but probably you get more detail on it. But this allows you to go extremely negative in your first time acquisition on advertising because you are not, you don't have to actually pay this. It doesn't come out of your bank account for 105 days, 104 if we want to have that one they'd buffer, but that means that I can go negative on acquisition, I can be negative on the first rebuild, I can be negative on the second rebuild, and then on that third rebuild on that three month conversion, I am now positive and now I am paying my bill. It's insane. Now there are some icons. First one is that you have to be really educated and understand how your cash flow and your LTV cohorts work because you like it's debt. I said at the beginning of this video, I used to think debt is a bad thing. Debt is only a bad thing if you do not accurately use it, and you do not understand your conversion cycles. Additionally, you're paying. I can't lie about this. You are paying. You are paying roughly, like I said, 1.4%, but you are paying your paying time for points. You're paying 1.4% for 105 days. That's the best deal. I'll take that all day long. Every day I'll take that. So that is the pros and cons, and this is the ultimate guide. I'd say the biggest thing here is definitely this. This is where I see people running the most problems. It's keeping track of the company cash flow and LTV cohorts to make sure if you 're going negative on your acquisition, are you 100% confident that by the time you have to pay that bill, the cash will be in the business? I have a lot about this message being on Discord. If you have any questions, I'm more than happy to break out the time and energy out of my day to help you with this. It doesn't take a lot of time and energy from me, and my job is to help people. So take advantage of that. And then that is the whole system. Do you have any questions on this? Shoot me a message. More than happy to break this out separately around credit cards. 
[00:10:00] There's some other credit cards I didn't list in here, which are so unbelievably goaded. I don't want to just publicly release them. So you have to message me so I can give them to you because I cannot even speak on how unbelievably powerful they are, but the more people they get on them, the more they're going to be taken advantage of. So if you have any questions, shoot me a message. More than happy to help you, and I hope this brought some value into your day. Thanks. 