
[00:00:00] Welcome to part one contribution margin. Now, if you feel like you have a really good understanding of contribution margin, you might be able to skip this video. But even if you do feel like you have a good understanding, you might learn something now. So what is contribution margin? Now, as we go through this series, I'm going to be using a couple of terms like LTV contribution margin, CAC, most of these we should know. But contribution margin, I feel like it's confusing for a couple reasons. Now, when we talk about contribution margin, it is revenue, minus variable costs, equals contribution margin, profit and contribution margin are not the same thing. Profit is after the entire business, all the bills get paid profit profit or operating income is after every bill gets paid. Now, contribution margin is stuff related to variable expenses, specifically as the revenue number goes up, there is a variable cost associated with this. Now, the most common variable cost is cost, trust a good soul, right? That is the product cost itself. Now, I feel like when I'm saying cost a good soul, you know, that means all the way delivered to the customer, that includes the shipping, that's everything. That's just not your raw material cost. It is the actual cost of the 2D customer, right? Additionally, ad spend, ad spend is a variable cost. When we think about advertising cost, it usually goes up or goes down, it 's variable, increases, decreases. These are the core two. There's three, there's three or four more that I'm going to go through in a second that make a big difference that not a lot of people think about. And it's the difference if you're doing a million dollars a month, it's a difference of 10, 20, $30,000 at times. So first one, Cox makes sense. We can all wrap our brain around that ad spend makes sense. We can all wrap our brain around that. Next is the processing fees and sub X fees. Processing fees, I feel like is easy for people to get if you're on Shopify is usually about 2.8 plus 30 cents and lists around Shopify Plus, which can go as always low as 2.4, but it is a fix. It is a variable cost on every transaction. So that's easy to round that to around 3% just because the if you more American Express 
[00:02:00] cars or whatever, it might go up a little bit, but that is the first variable cost. The second one is the sub X fees. So if you're using platforms like Seals, Kio, Loop subscription, there's usually is a variable cost attached to that as well. Usually it's between half a percent and 1%, but that's a massive difference and a million dollars. It's $10,000 a month. That's entire team member salaries, review editor, etc. It adds up very quickly. And now a lot of people think about adding that into their cogs or variable costs. Now the advanced piece is the team costs and we'll get into this later, but it's also the team costs are variable. For instance, if you have team members that are tied to ad spend, agencies are tied to ad spend, whatever, that is a variable cost in the business that increases and decreases. You have a team member or agency that gets 5% of ad spend, you spend a million dollars, that's $50,000, you spend $100,000, 5,000, right? So you can see how that increases and decreases based on the up and down the business, which should actually be counted in your contribution margin for the first order. We're going to get into this because as we talked about LTV, the first order and all subsequent orders have different costs associated. This is a great example. And we'll get into this as we go through the sheet that's attached. You're going to get an awesome template out of this. But when a business is running and we have advertising costs associated, that advertising costs is only associated with the first order, not just from the cost to acquire the customer aka CAC, but also the agency team member fees, whatever that 3 to 5% was only applicable to that first order, which means the subsequent cogs will be better, which I'll talk about in a second. This is where we get the saying, it's okay to lose $20 of contribution margin aka go negative $20. If in three months we make $30 or any profit really where it's okay to lose money as long as we're making a profit, after all the bills are paid, after a certain time period, usually three months 
[00:04:03] I'll get into why I take that period pretty quickly. First section again, very basic going through the contribution margin component, but very, very straightforward. Let me know again at any point if you have any questions, feel free to drop me a message. Let's go on to the next part of this. 