
[00:00:00] Welcome to part two. All right, now we're going to actually get into some of the juicy stuff. Here's the real sauce guys. So what is the purpose of LTV? And when we really define it, the purpose in our context of utilizing LTV is how can I outspend everyone else, everyone else in the marketplace, while still making your profit. My goal, your goal is to spend as much as humanly possible while generating contribution margin and a end profit for the business. Now, remember, we talked about the difference between contribution margin profit. We'll get more than a little bit. But our goal is to spend as much as humanly possible while creating a profit with healthy margins, right, which we'll get into the definition of help in a second. Now, we got an awesome little spreadsheet here. It'll be linked below in the module so you can pick it here. And this is going to be the template that we're going to be utilizing for the rest of this entire module. However, before we get into that, I got to make a couple of things very clear. Where do we pull this data? Well, it all from Shopify. Very, very simple. Shopify data specifically. So we 're going to use the term CAC here. When I use the term customer acquisition cost, there is a difference between CAC and CPA. We are looking at any time period. If I spend a million dollars and I acquire a million customers, then my CAC is one. And when we're taking saying acquiring customers, I'm specifically talking about net new customers into a business. I'm not talking about returning customers. I'm not, I'm talking specifically Shopify, filter, newer, newer returning customer new customer equals true. And that is what I'm referring and then divided by total dollars spent in that same time period to understand our true CAC. Now, I'm not going to pull that from Facebook. We're going to pull directly from Shopify using ad spend data from Meta, but using this as an example. Now, the next thing is I feel like people get very, very confused when I say L 
[00:02:03] TV versus retention. These are not the same thing. So when we pull LTV data, I recommend using a tool called lifetimely. You can do this manually with triple whales. It's just not nearly as accurate. I love lifetimely. It's super cheap and easy to work with. But if you have a better solution, feel free to use it as long as we get the correct data. There is a difference between dollars and customers. That is why using LTV is so, so important here, because the value that a customer may provide to me, right? The value that a customer may provide me is usually very different than the actual amount of customers. So we think about subscription businesses, the big thing up front is that there is usually an upsell in their initial purchase, right? Some kind of post purchase upsell to boost average order value. That is not usually included in subsequent orders. Or you may have separate margins in the first and return order. We'll get in the margins in a second. But when we're talking about this, I do not want to look at the customers. I want to look at the dollars, the lifetime value, the value that a customer provides to us. So let's look at this in this little sheet here. So I'm going to make myself a little smaller just so we go through this. I can explain how this sheet is actually utilized. And it'll make a little bit of sense here. So when we look at LTV, what are we trying to accomplish here? What is our goal ? So let's break down the function of the spreadsheet. First one here, host this month cohort retention, aka LTV. Month zero is 100. I want you to think about this. And most businesses will actually have this at 101. Month zero is the time in which the customer's transaction is completed and that month is finished, right ? It is month zero. Now, usually you'll actually see this about 101, 102% and people will say, well , why? That's usually because some customers will come back and buy again in less than a 28-day period or less than a month period. It's usually around one or two percent of customers. I don't know why, but that 
[00:04:01] 's just the data and that's what the math usually shows. So our LTV here is broken from a dollar or a percentage of growth. So if we think about this as a dollar amount, which we're going to come to in a second, if we had $1 in the zero, then month one, which we have here with our dummy data at 60%, would be 0 to 1 or 0 to 60%, which means we can actually 60 cents, 60.8 cents in this scenario. Month two, 38 would be 38 cents and on one number. We use $100. It would be $60 .80, $38.10, 26. This is the LTV that you'll normally see for a business. You'll see the big drop off in these first three months. Usually a healthy business will have over 100% LTV in month one, two, and three. We can see that this one has the dummy test data is 125 and you can kind of see that it degrades from there. But that's the function of our first column here, which is the post this month cohort retention. Next one is revenue. Now, this is also very straightforward. This is the revenue multiplier from here. If we have a month zero value of 100% multiplied by our orange cells down here, which can get the orange cells in a second, multiplied by orange cell of AOV, really straightforward. AOV 64 multiplied by 100%. Got it. Makes total sense. Easy. Next one here. Next one here. Revenue, you can see the next month is 38.91 because it's taking our percentage here of 60, multiplying by the AOV, getting 38.91. Next is margin. Margin. Remember, we talked about contribution margin. This is the variable cost of the business. All right. This is the variable cost of the business. So our CAC, our cost to acquire a customer, right? It's our revenue B3 multiplied by a margin to give us a dollar of margin amount minus our CAC cost 74 multiplied by our total customers. 
[00:06:01] And this example, we're just going to use one, but I'll give more examples as we get down the levers here. Great. Total revenue from this cohort. This is how much we've collected from this cohort. And if you hear me use the word cohort, that just means a group of customers that have anything, anything similar to each other. And in this sense, it is customers acquired in any given month, month zero, for this demonstration. We'll just use it as the correct number, which is February. Utilize this as February for this cohort acquisition month. So in February, this cost, this cohort pay is $64 and then next month, which would be March. 100 and 102 total, even though this is the cohort acquisition from February and so on and so on. Last one here is total margin. So this is what's important. This is what tells us when we can and can't scale where we can see we went negative $23 on this customer in month zero. Then we went positive 668 because this takes our total margin plus the month previous. So we're adding in $30 a margin minus the 23 we lost in month zero, and then onward and onward and onward. So we can use this as a tool to see 12 months out. How was the business doing in general? Great. Now let's talk about all these orange cells. So by and large, if the cell is orange, you can change it. If the cell is gray, it is a value or formula that should not be changed. So AOV, really straightforward. What is our average order value? You can see I have this broken up for first and second order, which I'll explain in a second. CAC, when does it cost us to require customer total customers? You can see different scenarios. For instance, if I'm trying to require 100,000 customers, or if I'm trying to acquire a million, right? So for instance, if I could say, Hey, this month, I'm going to acquire 100 customers, BAM, you can see that while acquiring 100 customers will change all of our data up here. As we're going through this, we're going to leave this around the one number just so we can use it for breaking this up because it'll be really easy to make sense. Next, as we go through, here's the cost of goods. Now, again, we talked about 
[00:08:00] cost of goods earlier. Think about the cost of goods as the cost of the product , less the processing fee. We don't have to do op-ex here because we'll explain that in a second, but the cost of the product plus the processing fee, and then AOV second order and margin second order. Now, why do I have this broken up? So your margin is going to be different depending on the order. And I've made this clear. Great example is if we have intro offers, for instance, maybe customers get a bunch of cool free shit in their first order. And then after that, they don't get it. Margin's going to be better on subsequent orders. Great example is like razor blade companies, razor blade companies usually send you the razor and the blade in your first order, and then all subsequent orders have a different both AOV and then margin on that. So that's what we would utilize these two functions as. Check your subscription order. And then again, as I said, there's going to be one click up cells that may be in the first order, but will not be in subsequent orders, which will definitely affect your AOV and your margin. Last thing here is op-ex. So op-ex as a function of cost of goods. So I give this example here. If you have $100,000 of op-ex and you plan on doing $10 million of revenue, that and you have a $64 AOV, which is linked over to our AOV over here. We know how many transactions that's going to be because all we're doing is protecting your top line revenue and dividing it by transactions. Again, this is the orange cell. So you put in the estimated amount of transactions you expect that month, and then what your op-ex is, and then it'll say, oh, well, this is how many transactions we're going to have, right? Which also will tell us that, well, if we have 100,000 transactions, we have 156,000 transactions and we have $100,000 of op-ex, then that means our op-ex per transaction is going to be 64 cents. Or as a function of cost of goods, it's going to be 1% perfect, 64 versus 64. 
[00:10:01] Funny how that math works out. But it helps us understand what this CAC is going to look like because our op- ex is 20%, but our CACs plus op-ex is 21.6. Now, in general, I have a non-complicated version and a complicated version of this to include op-ex. You really shouldn't need to worry about op-ex quite yet, but it helps when we get to different levels of scale, understand how much we can acquire, how much we can pay to acquire a new customer versus how much gets absorbed by LTV, because this will be a big function of this. Now, next video, we're going to cover the wins and the losses and the easy successes are the ones that make this a lot harder in our next video. So if you have any questions on this module or this model or anything on this, let me know that this next video is going to cover how the parameters of success really define us. 