
[00:00:00] Okay, so this is the best part. This is probably my favorite and the best part and probably the most valuable part of this entire series that will allow you to go from 0, 100,000 to tens of millions of dollars in revenue in the shortest amount of time possible without having to put out your own capital. So I learned a lot about this over the last several years because I started investing in my own e-commerce companies and I realized how expensive it is to go negative quickly. So I'm going to show you the advanced cash flow conversion cycle that allows you to scale rapidly quickly. So let's go back to our model and let's talk about a couple of things. I'm going to leave myself small for a second. So in the last call, I talked about these negative, these cash conversion cycles. I talked about like my one customer example. Let's give you a business. Let's get a business here. We've got this RLDB, let's say we have like a $50 CAD, so you get $60. Actually, yeah, $50 is fine, $50 is fine. That looks solid. Okay, cool. So we're losing money here till month three, month zero, month one, month three , month three, right? We're losing money. Now, if I came to you and I gave that example earlier and I said, Hey, I want to acquire 100,000 customers. Oh, that's 10,000, I want to acquire 100,000 customers. I'd say great. You got $2.7 million lying around to do it. And most I'd say most people, though, right, unless you were, you know, unless you came from royalty, most people do not have $2.7 million, especially in a business they just started up laying around to lose. And you say, well, I'm going to make money, I'm going to make it by month three . I'm going to be profitable by month three. But there's a lot of death, like all those, the great wall of death here. Let's give us a better example here. Let me give a better. Let's say we're like a $40 CAG, 35, whatever, here we go, $35 CAC. And you can see that we're profitable here, $183,000 profitable after month 
[00:02:04] zero. Now here's the easiest solution. This is what a lot of people do. Um, is these a Facebook credit line, line of credit with all this, the Facebook credit line? Green. Oh, my gosh. Oh, so clicking myself, that's why you're eating Facebook credit line. So we're good here. And we actually pay out of our bank account here when we are $183,000 profit. This is when we pay, we pay here, Facebook credit line, which is net 30, but it 's actually net 45 because they give you 15 days to pay it right here. We're paying here. So we didn't even put out $1.2 million. We didn't put anything out. So if it's on the Facebook credit line, yes, this is a liability on the business, but as long as we are confident in our LTV and our ability to fulfill orders, we're positive $183,000. We have $2.9 million in revenue, right? We have $2.9 million in revenue. I made a quick adjustment to this, but we're positive $2.9 million in revenue month zero, month one, we're at four point six, month two, we're at five point seven. And we are positive $183,000 in profit. You just generated $5 million in revenue, you know, really $2.9 a month one without losing a single dollar. It's insane. Now this is where it gets really, really complicated, where it gets incredibly intense for a lot of people. And I feel like it's difficult to wrap your mind around. It's really difficult to wrap your mind around. So let's look at this, okay? So when we look at the total revenue at four point six, the total margin at 1. 83 or 183,000, I get asked the questions like, well, great, but what if I'm in this scenario? Why did Grayson? Why do you use the three month cohort? Why you use that month? Oh, let's look at it. Let me go back to our little narrow board, our workflow net 45 with meta, Melio 
[00:04:03] , plastic, Melio, my two favorite words in the whole world. The problem with most invoices is that you can't pay them with a credit card. So somebody made an entire business model, allowing you to pay invoices with credit cards. Okay. Melio, plastic, those are those two business models. Build our column. Hey, you're invoice for the credit card. Now why is this important? Because most people are like, okay, great, I'll throw this on my MX platinum right here. Great. We got another 30 days out of it. Now we're here, baby. Still negative. Not working. Got points, right. This is what I think is really important when you think about the points to the fee. Usually it's between two to three percent, you have to pay a fee for it. But if you're a point slash cashback is between two to three percent, doesn't matter. It's like a zero is out. There's a term that the least sexy things in life are the most profitable. I use this term all the time. I really think there's about credit cards. There's two credit cards. I'm not going to talk about one of them. It's the sauce credit card with the most insane returns you've ever seen and nobody knows about it. Some of you didn't have to DM if you want it. And then the other thing is the MX plum card, MX plum card, 60 day terms. What? 60 day terms. Okay. It's not planned on. It's not shiny. It's not sexy. It's your grandpa's card. We've seen it terms. Where does that get us now? It gets us from negative to profitable. It takes us all the way from month zero year to month three, 105 days later, positive 157,000. You'd not a single dollar left to your bank account. Now arguments to be made because you do have to pay your cost of goods, right? So if we use this month zero, as an example, and say we have paying $2,000 cost 
[00:06:02] of goods, we'll still have a $580,000 cost of goods bill. Not discrediting that. That's something that does exist, right? But you can also use your, you can utilize that same Nelio MX plum card to pay your manufacturer with net 60 terms. If you can just negotiate net 30 with your manufacturer, you're set right here. You're at the same time frame. And all of your costs to acquire this customer, this CAC right there, right here by the time the money actually leaves your account, you're positive. You didn't lose anything. You are first order profitable because the time you pay for it, it's right here . You are first order profitable in a manner of speaking, of course, in the manner of speaking your first order of profitable because you're able to achieve this very, very quickly. You can go to any business, you can, once you become an econ veteran, which some of the people watching this might be, once you become an econ veteran, you can go open up a good credit card, open, use MELIO, get your terms with Metacrate, and then all of a sudden you can scale is this could be your business. If you had the right creative, if you have the right infrastructure set up and you are out of $50, can you know your LTV, man, you can go from non-existent to $3 million in MRR in 30 days, just like that. So this is why I think it's very important that we understand how this works and I'm going to be wrapped in this up in a second because this is the most important part of it. But everything we just went over today, it revolves around one thing and that's your math, making sure your numbers are correct, making sure you know what you're doing. The hard thing about this business is that lots of people can go and look at your math and say, "Oh, this is what I think it is," but you as the operator have to know this hard core and I'll show the example here. 
[00:08:00] If you are off by five percent in your month zero cohort or your month one cohort, this now drops from 60 to 55. That this now drops from 38 to roughly 32. This drops from 26 to 20 and you just went from a positive of 158 to a negative of 257,000 by being five percent off. You have to know your numbers really, really, really well. I suggest until you get really dialed in news, shoot for a month too. You got 30 days of wiggle room here. The nice thing about this is that when we looked at the six months out and we looked at the one year out, it's pretty much impossible to lose even with that lower ratio, until you list, you want that lower ratio, just moved our profitability out by a month, still profitable at month six by a lot and then over two, almost a million dollars in profit by month 12 here. So really, really important that we look at our numbers and we know what we're doing because little mistakes add up, one percent of a million dollars is 10,000, 10 percent is 100,000. In this example, you're off by, like I said, five percent here, two point nine million dollars in revenue is a hundred and forty five thousand dollars. So don't make those mistakes. And if you need any help, drop me a message. It takes me no time at all to look over your numbers, make sure you're in the right spot and make sure you do something wrong or dumb. So let me know if you guys enjoyed this module. Really appreciate it. I'm going to be making a lot more and more than happy to help anyone who needs it. Shoot me a message. It takes, again, will take me no time at all and I'm always open to making time for whoever needs it. Even if you're a little baby company, a huge one, my job is to be of service to you. 