So, dear gentlemen, and women, let's keep going with the second phase of this lesson, which is research. So research is probably the most important phase of the entire strategy, because in the research we'll define whether you will make successful investments with successful returns. Everything lies here on the research phase, and your ability to pick and choose influencers will be developed in this specific phase, how to find high-performing influ encers, how to measure the risk of them. So, let's keep going. The first lesson that I want to teach you guys is that there is two categories in terms of research. Celebrities, it's one category. We at HappyFlops call them icons, and I will explain to you why. Second category, this is the first, is high-performing influencers. This is the second category, and they are different, and I will explain to you how they differentiate and who you should pick depending on what phase. I actually even wrote this down here. Celebrities, you should only do if you are already an established brand, and I will explain to you a little bit why. The second is high-performing influencers. Happy-forming influencers is a little bit more adapted to smaller brands, and I will also explain to you why. If, however, you are on the established brand category, you can do both, which, for example, is what we do at HappyFlops. We invest both in celebrities, but also in high-performing influencers. Now, budget-wise, there is, of course, a difference. This could cost everything from $30,000 to $50,000 up to $500,000 for one call- up. This is an extremely expensive strategy, but it also comes with insanely returns. Meanwhile, high-performing influencers, so this is for this, high-performing influencers could cost everything from $5,000 up to probably $30,000 USD. And both could generate very, very high return if you know how to choose them. So this is very important, because you might invest $30, $50,000, $500 in one celebrity and they will give you zero return, the same with high-performing influencers. You could invest $5,000 up to $30,000, and you will get maybe not exactly zero return, but you will have loss, 100% loss on your investment, right? This is why a lot of brands doesn't dare to do this, because you're basically betting $30,000 or $10,000 in one person, which for a lot of people or for a lot of brands is a lot of money, too high risk, right? So that's why this chapter is about how to measure risk, how to measure trust, all right? All right, guys, so let's continue. How could we define and identify celebrities worth investing in? So this is a checklist. Now you don't see the checking icon, but I will do this, check, check, check, check, all right? If the celebrity check all these boxes, hey, my man, invest, invest, invest because the return will be beyond your wildest imaginations. First of all, celebrity, why do we call them for icons? You know why? Because that's basically what the celebrities that we invested are, they are iconic figures. So what is an iconic figure? Hey, after a lot of tests and after a lot of failures, we actually understood what it is. And I will tell you one story, all right, one story to highlight what kind of celebrity you should not invest in. And I will explain through these points which celebrities you should invest in. Here, yes, oops. All right, so first of all, let's begin with this part of yes. What is an iconic figure? Iconic figure is a personal individual that the whole country knows about, all right? How do we test this? We actually do this. We go on the street and we ask 10 people about this person, 9 out of 10 people, almost un-undependently on which age you are asking, they know this person, all right? This is an iconic figure. It doesn't matter if you ask a 25-year-old person, a 45-year-old person, both will tell you that yes, they know this. If you go on the street randomly and ask, hey, do you know about this person? If 9 out of 10 people say yes in different ages, then you know you're into something, all right? The next, respect, admiration, and likable. How can you know if a famous person is respected, admired, or likable? When you go out on the street and you ask about this person, you will see a reaction. So a lot of people, famous people are famous, but necessarily not respected, necessarily not admired, and necessarily not likable. And this is very logical and also very basic, but also this is the difference between making a lot of money or not making anything. You need to define this. So the reaction of the people you're asking on the street will give you the answer. If the reaction is, oh, yes, I know this person, and they are happy, which means they like the person, and then you can continue to ask, why do you know this person and why do you like this person? If the answer has anything to do with admiration and respect, man, you can check the box. Because all of the celebrities that we work with has these metrics that are checking. And trust me, it's not that easy to find either, because there are so many famous people that, by the way, we've also invested in that just have not this respect and admiration. This just have fame, because they are famous for entertainment, all right? So we don't want to invest in entertainment. We want to invest in this respect, admiration and likeable, all right? Next thing, reputation. What are they famous for? So, so important. I will tell you an example where you should avoid, all right? Do you all know about programs like Paradise Hotel, for example, or X on the beach, all right? Or some programs that are similar, it's drama shows, basically drama shows that are very popular on TV for a lot of people. In Love Island, I would say. And a lot of these people that win these programs, they get awarded and so on. They get pretty much famous after this. And a lot of brands try to keep up with the trend, and they start to invest in these people for everything. They invite them to restaurants, they sell them to promote products. And you know what happens always with these profiles because I've done the same zero sales. You know why? Because people watch them and they are famous for entertainment. They are people that entertain you, they make you love, they make you maybe even cry. I don't know, they entertain you, but they are not there to lift up human feelings such as respect, admiration, and likable, maybe likable in some cases for these programs. But yeah, so what is the reputation for? Are they famous for these kinds of programs or are they famous for something else? For example, the people that we work with, they are famous because of fame positive. I will call this charity work, for example. It's a very common actually reputation they have that they are connected to some kind of charity work. It doesn't always mean that they are working with the organization for example with poor people. But a lot of these people that are iconic is helping in some way to the country . For example, for kids, for cancer, for all the kind of sickness or diseases, there are sometimes or a lot of times invited to talk about society, about education, about kids. This means pretty much that they are involved to actually grow the nation, grow people, grow society. That's the reputation. What are they famous for? Not this entertainment, but something that is admirable or respected. This needs to also check the box. In the end of the day, this is what creates trust. Trust and loyalty from local people. How do we get to know this for sure? I will demonstrate this in a second step very soon. How you can find how much trust this celebrities has from people. This needs to check the boxes. This is the category. Let's go to the other side, high performing influences. What is the difference? What is the difference between high performing influencers and celebrities? First of all, high performing influencers is not nationally known. Not nationally the same. High performing influencers are dependent on their follower base basically, but the power of the relationship with this follower base. Power of this follower base. Which basically means their relationship. This is what we define the strength of these high performing influencers. What do we look for here? We already spoke a little bit about authority. People that have channels with some kind of authority, but what is it? The other things that we need to check the box to define them as a high performing influencer. Now we're coming to the really neat and greedy stuff. First of all, the first lesson you should identify in a high performing influ encer is this daily story content with talking on camera. Hey guys, I have spelled beans now. This is probably, I was putting a major factor here, guys, listen to this very carefully. And I will obviously show this, look, all the influencers that has this daily content story talking on camera is equal to these millions. Of you is the, and I will explain to you why, I will explain to you why. Second thing you need to check the box, average comments, always about 50 or 60 . And you know why? Because this means that the influencer is very engaged with the audience. They are answering the comments, they are putting some questions, they are starting conversations, you know, this, what this means, it means that they fucking care. This means relationship, relation, this means bonding, this means the connection, what I said. So you need to look for people or an influencer that is, that are engaging with their audiences. And there's very particular methods that they do this, which I will actually show you in a bit, looking on different influencers as an example. And this is basically what you need to look for. And there is very hard to look for this in this AI or this influencer platforms . You need to look on this yourself by looking, by searching, by reading. This is what it means to go the extra fucking mile. You want results, you want extraordinary things. You really need to do extraordinary things as well then. And this is very, very manual work, actually, to find this, to read about this. But this is what we do and I'm telling you, this is the winning method and the winning strategy. What else is very common for all the high-performing influencers is award winners. You can actually Google up which awards it exists in your country for influ encers, super nice and super easy way to find already very quick the performing influencers. Because award winners usually are based on a lot of votes, or votes from a lot of influencers, from a lot of people, which means they are voted from the market. If the market puts you as the number one, it usually means a lot. And I can almost tell you, in a lot of countries that we've done this, a lot of the high-performing influencers, they are always the winners in all the awards in this contest that it exists in different countries. Next thing that I also recommend to identify high-performing influencers for your brand is to use the bio from the Instagram, which means a lot of influencers use their bio to define what they are doing, for example, mother. And I will explain to you how you can understand what the bio means and how you could define if the influencer is a mother influencer because they are writing mother on their bio. This is also very common for high-performing influencers, they are very precise on what they write on their bio. So the difference between this, as you can see, is different because celebrities are, for example, not necessarily doing the daily stories, for example, these daily stories, they are not doing this average comments, they are not award winners for influ encer contests. Of course, you see, there's a lot of differences, but you depend and rely on these other things. But both of these, both of them, I would say this, equals extremely high level of trust. If you follow these boxes, these boxes, so both, for example, we've invested in influencers that has generated equally high revenue as a celebrity. So both are equally powerful, but they are just, you need to understand the different ways how to find them and how to evaluate them, all right? Good, now we understood that there is two categories, we also understood how to identify high-performing influencers and how to define or identify celebrities that are also high-performing. Let's move on. How do we actually create a list? Let me just remove this so we can focus on the list creation, all right? So now we're coming into more practical stuff, how do we use platforms and tools to make lists that you should evaluate and then later on pick from, pick celebrities that you will be investing and remember, now we're coming to the measure, how to measure the risk, all right? First of all, we look at models. This is the way we create a list and we do AI research. AI research, by the way, this is really, really exclusive stuff we are sharing today. We will share with you a prompt, AI prompt that is the brain of all of our influencers. This prompt knows about all of our influencers that has generated us tens of millions of dollars. So this means that you should just add this prompt to your chat JPT or Claude and then you can basically just add the Instagram link or name and they will give you a report about the likelihood and the measurement of the trust that they believe this person has and this especially works with celebrities because in celebrities, it exists so much information online. But that's not all, absolutely not all because this only gives you signals, right? You need to, this is the way you measure and lower your risk. You never take decisions, for example, on the AI report research or only on, for example, the metrics and statics from the MODASH platform. I will explain to you soon what is MODASH and then I will also explain, this is keywords that we will use to make a list in MODASH and then local interviews, all right, look guys, I will basically now share my screen, go into MODASH and then show you how we do a list where our goal is to do a list of 100 people at least or fifth and then we filter it down to 50 to 20 and then to 10 and this from this 10 will be the absolute best and most analyzed profiles that we will then reach out to, right, you will reach out to 10 people based on your whole analyze from 100 and then from 50 and then 20 people. So first of all, we start with MODASH, MODASH is a platform that looks like this, all right, MODASH.io, MODASH.io is one of the platforms that we found the best data, we tested tens of platforms for influencers and creators and I can tell you one thing, being a very, very good at influencer marketing, MODASH has absolutely the best data to analyze and to judge influencers on. All the other platforms, I can tell you straight away has very poor poor data. So how do we start if we would launch this in a, for example, UK, all right, and we will want to do a celebrity list. First of all, we only will use actually two features from this platform, which is first of all location, we put United Kingdom, right, and then we use bio and we put TV, perfect. TV, all right, as you can see on my iPad, I'm not used to do this, but I'm doing this for the case of, I'll show you guys. So looking for United Kingdom and for TV on their bio, I actually get 1600 profiles, all right. So I put TV host and let's see if it's changed. So it's changed completely. Now I have 42 profiles that writes on their bio that they are TV hosts, perfect. So what will I do? I will look through all of these profiles one by one. And I will look at their statistics from Modash and I will focus on this specific task, listen very carefully. First of all, I will have this, for example, celebrity, open full report. I will copy her Instagram name, copy link. And then I will go to my chat to be bring here, projects, influencers, all right. And then I will add this link, which is her Instagram link. Give me an analyze of this profile. And we, as we usually do, all right, click. You will get this prompt. So you can do this with any influ encer from any country. And this is the way we, you will need to do this with all of these influencers. You had 42 influencers on this list. All right. So here you will get a really nice and very in-depth analyze where it starts with national awareness. They will explain to you how she is nationally known, why she says celebrity, like ability, as we spoke about, it's a very, very important factor. We have human connection, which means if you remember, does people believe that they know this person, right? It's not only famous because of entertainment or whatever. Do people believe that they know them because they have been seeing this person talking so much that they understand her personality? That creates trust, all right? Human connection. Chad will explain to you why it's 8 out of 8.5 out of 10. A family fits, in this case, for our band, for example, we are reaching out to families, family target groups because our product is for families, and give human signals very strong, authenticity. I told you, this is extremely important. The big issue, oh, this is really, really nice. Here it says, this is where we need to be careful. Emile Emily has multiple historical allegations and celebrity disputes attached to her name. This includes relationship allegations, accusations from industry colleagues, all right, okay? So I will not present this as established facts. All right, you see, so there is a lot of, there is a lot of good stuff, but also we actually found out the things that we want to find out, which is background check from the things that people could believe she's not trustworthy. This controversial history will make me, for example, don't not prioritize her, even if she seems to be a good celebrity, but this needs to be perfect if you want to risk to invest because this lady probably cost around, again, 50k to 100k. So this is the first signal. Let's go back to the drafting board. So we checked AI research with the happy flops brain, right? What we do next? Local interviews. What does it mean, local interviews? So let's say we choose this, let's say we will do local interviews about this Emily, what does it mean? I will explain. And this is also, by the way, something that we always do here. We take around 50 people from UK, in this case, because this is a UK celebrity, and we ask about Emily here. Ask about Emily. The questions are, do you like her? Like, do you trust her? Would you buy from her if she recommends something? Recommend. Do you respect her? Respect, right? Trust. Do you trust her? Do you like her? Would you buy from her? So the date that we get from these 50 people about Emily is very important. I would even say it's more important than the AI brain prompt that we will give you. Even if the AI is extremely intelligent now due to this training that we have done. But sometimes there is a lot of things that AI cannot catch online because it's the real information that is out there, for example, scandals that has not been published, but people know, for some reason, things on TV that AI cannot really catch up or catch, capture. These things will come from the interview of 50 people. Extremely important. So we will get a score here, AI, and we will also get the score from the local interviews. Extremely, extremely important. Why we also mention radio and journalist, guys? Very important lesson here. Why do we believe or why do this particular kind of celebrities generate a lot of trust and converts a lot? Because these three kinds of celebrities has been exposed on their personality, at least what people believe. On TV, for example, people are used to see the news guy every day, eight a.m. in the morning, or the news lady, every day, eight a.m. in the morning, for years, for decades. And this is a place in an environment where they are exposing their personality. So they are creating connection with the audience because people are listening to them every day. The same with radio. We have been working with so many radio hosts. And you know why this is working so well? It's the same because people are used to their voice. And obviously, not all the radio hosts are perfect or converts all the time. You need to understand the radio host from the radio channel that people love to listen, not music, not anything like that, but a radio channel that people likes because they like the person, right? This is the key. This is the gold mine because people feel like they know them here, like they know them. I will write this down and I will circle it around because it's the biggest lesson you need to understand. This same with journalists. Journalists are also on TV. They write stories. They are very emotional. A lot of people in our countries, they know a lot of journalists that have made a name for themselves, right? That stands for something. So with that for the set, let's go back to Modash and let me show you how you could search for this. So United Kingdom, we will put radio host right and let's see how many we will get. In United Kingdom, we will get 40 profiles. So you will go through all 40, all of them, all of these radio host people, at least what it seems like. You will send this Instagram link to the happy fl ops brain, happy flops influencer technology brain. You will look through the whole report , right? As I thought you already and then you will get a score and you should also remember do the local people interviews from all the celebrities. Great guys. This is the way you will make a list of celebrities. This is the most intelligent way, the most accurate way, the best and the most trusted way how to find celebrities worth investing in. It doesn't matter what you're selling as long as your product is a product that this celebrity can use. It doesn't need to be a perfect match. It only needs to be a product that they can use because that even makes this collaboration even more genuine. Great. How do we do a list of high performing influencers? This is also a little bit of exploration you need to do. One of the things that I will recommend, even though I've said that it doesn't need to match product and influencer, but however you could try to do use keywords that is relatable to your brand. For example, what do I mean with this? Here, happy flops works with a lot of mom influencers. I will put mother and then we will get 700 profiles, 753. So, I taught you guys, we want to do approximately a list of 100 people to investigate in celebrities and also high performing influencers. We want to do from 100 to 200 influencers, we want to investigate. So, 700, 53 is too much. So, then we will look at amount of following. In this case, for example, you can also choose gender. In my case, as in happy flops, we are working a lot with women influencers, so I will put female and we will put followers starting from 100,000. Here like this, perfect. You see, we filter it down. So, as high performing influencers, I will tell you a rule here. They don't need to be above 100,000, but it's good to start there. Usually, when you find high performing influencers, it's best to start when they do have 100,000 followers and above. You should start to look there because it means that they usually, if you find high performing ones within that field, the good ones, I mean, then it means that they do have a certain level of experience. However, if you look, for example, through these 64 profiles and you don't find what we want to find, then you will change this from, for example, 50,000 up to 100,000. Let's see how many we get there, 50 profiles . So, basically, we got 60 profiles that has this keyword "mother" and that has 100, 000 followers and above. And we also have 50 profiles that also writes "mother", but they have below 100,000, but it's between 50 to 100,000. You need to look at both of these, right? Both of these. We got now already a list of 100 or 110, approximately, right? This is the way you should have the list of top 100 and then you should go through it. Just go through it, go through it, go through it. I will teach you what you should look at. I will teach you this in a second step in this chapter, but now I'm teaching you just how to create a list. Let's go back to the drafting board. I also wrote here award winners. This is very easy. All right. You should just have a chat with Chachippity, Uncle Chat or Claude or Google and you should search for influencer of the JIR UK, for example. Search and look if there is any awards, any contest in your country where you are looking this for and look for all the people that has been winning or won these awards. Don't look only for the award winner of last year. Look for the three years, the last three years. Usually, three years is a really good timeline because these people that who have won awards have made a really great social impact, right? And they have been voted to win. And this is really good. And I see this pattern. Look, this is not what I think. This is not what I believe. This is a pattern that we found out after doing this for five years. When we launched a new country, this is the first thing we do as well. We look for the award winners and there is always different categories in these award winners as well. Look through all of them, all right? Good, guys. Perfect. I taught you how to make a celebrity list good. And now I also taught you how to do a high performing influencer list good enough. You should play around with the words. For example, if you sell something within makeup, maybe you should write a look for maybe makeup artist, you know, and let's see what we can find. You see, seven profiles or stylist, you know, you should be creative and see what you can find. And what I try to teach you here is that you should use this bio to think in a way what you think your target group influencer would write on their bio. Think about that. Ask you that that, ask you this question to yourself and then try some different keywords, all right? Perfect, guys. Now let's go to the next chapter, which is how do we measure this? Guys, we have come to probably the most important part of these looms, which is , okay, now we have the list for celebrities, we have the list for influencers. How the heck do we choose 10 from this 100, right? This is the biggest, most difficult task. Which 10 celebrities is worth to investigate or invest in? Which 10 influencers do we invest in? Now, guys, look , I try to make it easy to understand by a really, really short summary, celebrities trust is equal to respect, like admired by 9 out of 10 local people. Perfect. And trust for high performing influencers is equal to stories, comments and relationship building. Now, let me show you what I mean with this, all right? I mean, with celebrities, we already understand how to do this, you know, we do the local interviews, at least 50 people, all right? Do 100 if you can. Perfect. How to do it? Find your way. We have multiple ways how to do it. We do service, we do contact communities, we do everything, everything that comes in mind. We just try to reach 50 people in a group or one by one, and we find out these answers. Now, how do we, when we have a list, this is what you want to see. Let me show you. This is what you want to see. This is just an example, okay? So, when you're looking through the list of your influencer and you will do this human observation, you will need to do this. This is what you want to find. I couldn't talk at the same time because you wouldn't listen. This is a person that is communicating with her with her audience. She's not wearing makeup. She's not caring about any fancy glamorous lifestyle. She's just being real. She's being raw. She's stalking. She's speaking to her audience, all right? This is what you will and what you are searching for. This is how we measure trust. Look, if you find a profile that does this kind of stories every day, at least for a whole week, you found it. You found the golden mind. You found exactly what we at Happy Pl ops are looking for as well, all right? And this is really hard to find. And I can promise you, when you look, when you go through 100 influencers, you maybe will find two. You maybe will find five. Maybe if you're lucky, you find 10, all right? But it's really hard. But this is it, guys. This is exactly what you want. You want to find profiles that are personal and relatable to their audience, that are genuine, authentic, and that has a relationship with their audience, right? Another way how to do this on her pose, for example. You see that she does personal pose. She's she's publicly with her husband, with kids. She's not showing a perfect life. She's being very authentic. She's being very real. Not everything is perfect. This is also what you want to see in her pose. Not you want to see a human being, right? Look, look how much she's talking. So this profile is one of the examples. Let's go through some more. Look at this. We are uploading. Look at this. Look at this. You know why this is beautiful? Because look how much she is talking in front of the camera. Here, talking, talking, talking, talking, talking, talking. So obviously, not because only you're talking, it means that you are you have the biggest trust of them all. It obviously depends what you're talking about. It obviously depends if by the things that you are talking that you're gaining trust. And this is also something you need to measure. If she's having this microphone and she's talking shit. The world is shit. Life is shit. And everything is shit . Obviously, maybe people wouldn't like her. But in this case, we listen. We listen. What is she saying? What is she talking about? She's talking about families. She's talking about personal struggles. She's talking about beautiful things in life. She's talking about, she's vulnerable things. That is trust. And look, stories again. So for example, now we are looking at posts that are very much way more normal, like any other influencer. But normally, this influencer, which is just talking, talking, talking exactly as the one that we were looking at recently. Let's see another one, just as an example . You see here, this is people that are just communicating a lot with their, this is also a really popular one. You are writing long texts on stories, long texts on stories, personal texts, opening up. This is also like the closest you can get to just talking on the camera. I don't know about you guys, but when you see these kinds of stories, you get the chance to know the person. You get the chance to understand who they are, right? And then that chance might convert to trust or to the opposite of trust, right? They could be speaking about really bad things that you don't like, of course. But now we are focusing on finding the people that are talking about good things, that is opening up to their audiences, that people like, that people find admirationable or inspirational to listen to. This is what converts because it's trust behind, all right? I challenge you guys to go out and hunt like we do. We have a department and a team of 10 people looking for these profiles. And they are out there in every country, they are out there, but they're really rare and they are really, really hard to find. But when you find these, oh guys, I can promise you, you can invest and invest and you will find the best, best return in your life because you find ambassadors that people trust and you will get your brand trusted by doing this, all right? This is why influencer marketing is very hard because it's really hard to find these people. Let's see if we have another example. I would say maybe this one. You see, this is also typical long text, a photo of yourself without makeup. This is perfect. This is what we want to find. Personal stuff, personal stuff, openingness, because it creates relationship. Good. So all the influencers that I showed you are influencers that I know for a fact has been selling for a lot, a lot of money. But whatever you are in US, in Europe, in Latin America, or whatever, this strategy is always the same. And this is exactly what you should look for and find. This is how we measure trust, all right? One human observations. We don't check these stories for one day. No. We check these for two weeks. We check if the influencers are consistent in this behavior. We check if they are publishing like this at least every day for two weeks, all right? It doesn't need to be 50 stories every day, right? But it needs to be a lot of stories every day. We see this. This is the pattern, guys. I told you, we've had tens of tens of influencers that have been selling basically approximately around 50 million dollars USD for us influencers. And all of these influencers has exactly this in common, all right? So this is no theory. This is no bullshit belief. This is facts. We've seen this, we've proven it in different countries with different brands, always, always the same. Finally, we found out this is it. And it's not strange that it's hard to find because as you already see, not a lot of influencers are doing this. So if you are an influencer, by the way, and you're listening to this, this is what you should do. And obviously, it's hard. It's not easy to pick up the phone and start talking to the camera every day. That's not easy. I can tell you this. I've tried. I've tried myself. It's not easy. It's very consuming. And also, you have to have a level of caringness for the audience, which is also very rare. A lot of people just want to be famous. Recognition, validation. But not a lot of people care about their audience. And the people who are talking to their audience every day like this is because they have another level of caring. They care about communicating with them and bond with them and create a relationship with them. All right, guys? Now, let's move towards how do we also see this in Modash? All right, how do we see this in Modash? Now, let's go to the next. Let me see what the name of this influencer. I wanted to show you how we will clear this. I want to show you how you also will find the good signals, the metrics that you should care about when you're looking and are evaluating and are measuring the potential of the influencer. So, we look for the profile here in Creator. We will find, you will click on view profile and then you will open full report . And now, I will show you basically this. I will actually download this PDF. Let me see. I will save this. I actually want to copy this. Good. Let's see if we can add this here. Paste it here. Can we? Yes, here, I think. Well, I feel no. How do we do this? Guys, here. No. No, no, no, no, no. So look, we do this. Okay, now, you will learn some Swedish now. Now, we have it here. We should have it here. We should have it here. Yes, perfect. Perfect, perfect, perfect. Because I would love to show you what is important here. All right, all right, guys, here we go to some very important things. So, this influencer has really nice modash numbers. We call it in our company, we call it modash numbers. So, when we take decisions, we look at two things. One, modash numbers . And two, human observation for two weeks, as I told you guys, two weeks. I would say 70% of the decision lies here in the human observation and 30% here. So, modash is really good to have, to kind of understand the signals. And what signals? Because modash gives you a lot of stuff. This is not even everything, actually. Can I write it? Yeah, I can. Perfect. First of all, we don't look at this. We don't care. What do we care about them? Look, guys, when we analyzed all the people that has been selling for us for tens of millions of dollars, they all of them have below 15% of fake followers. Always less, all right? And you could look for any influ encer. You would see how normal it is to have 30, 40%. This is like the normal. This is normal. What is not normal? 11. This is great. Amazing signal. Even more if she has one million followers. Insane. And I know this influencer is converting a lot. I know this. So, that's also why I show you this. The next metric we look at is real people. Modash has this metric where they are basically showing you how big percentage of the audience, in this case 82%, is actually behaving like human beings. You understand? Modash gives you a real people rate. Like 82% of her audience seems to be real. Real people, not robots, not algorithms, not fake, all right? And this is also really rare. Normal, this is normal to be here. This is normal. To have it to 82%, super good signal. Amazing signal. And I would say 75, to 90, usually all the best influencers that we have always have around this 75 to 90%. 30 counts or less. This means that 70% of her audience follows only 500 accounts or less. This is also good because it means that her followers really wants to follow her. They're not following like multiple thousands of people, which is then called mass following. Also good, and also by the way, the normal is here. A lot of influencers has like 20% here . Only 20% of their audience is following 500 accounts or less. This is the pattern, guys. I 'm telling you all the best influencers you can look through when you find the guts to invest. And you will see that it converts. I can promise you that they will match this exact metrics. They will have this. They will have 80% here. They will have 70% here. They will have around 10% or 15% here. It's always the same. It's the pattern. This is how we measure it. If the fake follower rate is 40%, 30%, we don't usually do so much like more checking actually, right? But we look for the signals. We look for this is how we measure. What else is important? Average comments. Do you know what my golden rule is in average comments? I've looked at all of the best influencers that has been selling millions, millions of dollars for us. And all of them have at least minimum of average of 60 comments on every post. This woman has 145. This is insane. This is really good signal. If there is less, for example, 20 or 30, usually means she is not posting significant enough posts. When you have at least 60 comments on average, it means that people are really relating, like they're really communicating back with this person. They are commenting. They are making questions. And this is also important because comments is a relationship factor because they're communicating. They're talking to each other. The audience is responding. And we found out that 60 on average is what everyone, all of the best influencers that we have used ever has 60. What else? Pays engagement is also a metric we look at sometimes. For example, in this case, it doesn't seem good, but also it's like very, very less important. This means that her paid post, for example, if she's publishing a post about a collaboration, she gets 30% equal engagement as any normal post. Sometimes it's nice to have it here, like, for example, 80%. But yeah, we also see that this can vary a lot. For example, I know this influencer is insanely good. She sells for millions as well. And yeah, she has this 30% here. So this rate is less important, but we look at this sometimes as well. Sometimes we also look at a lot is the female rate. It's always around 80%. For us, because our buyers are females, so we need always to have this around 80% females. If this profile would have like 50% females, then we know that, yeah, a lot of men are following up for some other kind of reasons. And that is also telling us something, right? And then the age. Look, the golden age for us, and I think for a lot of you guys as well is here. The audience should be here at this age, the majority of them. We've tested so much to invest in this age. And I don't know probably because they have less purchasing power because they have less money. It always has been influencers that converts way less, way less. So we are always looking for this, the majority of the following age should be here over 25 years. It's really good metric to look at. And also, the last thing that I would like to show you is which countries, which country is the dominating audience base? If you are going to do collaboration with an influencer in the UK, then the majority of the audience should be in the UK. In this case, for example, this is a German influencer, so she should have majority in Germany, so this is correct. This is a good number because sometimes influencers are very spread, which means that they are not focusing on this country, which means very high risk if the audience is spread. Good guys, this is what we look for in Modash. It's not everything. This is like the things that we look for. Once we started to look at more things, we always mess it up. And I told you this, this is exactly the metric that we look at as well. Amazing, guys, this is how you measure the risk. And I hope that you really got it. I know this video is a little bit long, but I really want you to understand. This is basically the extra mile. All right, I promise you, if once you go out there and search for these things, you will invest so much time into this because it's hard. But this is what makes this great, because not a lot of people know about this. And also, there is no way people would believe this if they wouldn't have our data, if they wouldn't have our results, because we do have the results and the experience and five years behind us, so we know what we're talking about. And that's also why we love this, because this is what I'm showing you right now. This is not normal. And I promise you, I can almost guarantee there is almost no brand that they are doing research like this. This is the secret. This is the sweet of how to find winning high performing influencers. And it's hard. And it's time consuming. And this means we go the extra mile. Go extra mile. When you go the extra mile, life rewards you. And this is it guys. So thank you for watching this chapter. I hope that you really understood the concept. I hope that you liked it. I hope it makes sense for you. I wish you the best of luck when you go out and hunt for some amazing influencers in whatever country that you are planning to look.
