Okay guys, so we will learn today how to understand and how to do outreach for the influencers because a lot of you guys have actually asked me, how should I write an email, what should I think about, and also most importantly, what should I buy from this influencer proposal. So this is a very practical lesson and I will teach you the best out of our experience and for you to facilitate how you communicate. So first of all, how do we stand out and win guys? I will actually give you a masterclass right now, a little bit outside e commerce, which has to do with communication. So first of all, we have to understand one thing, which is mindset. The mindset when you do an outreach, either if it's a physical one or an email one, like this one for example, which we will look today, you have to understand the art of creating and building relationships. So what do I mean with that, right? I will go through it and I will also show you an example. The reason happy flops has been so successful with our influencers and the reason we get here approved by them is because we focus a lot in the art of create a relationship. Matter of fact, we have almost eaten dinner with all of the influencers that we work with. This is a fantastic insight actually, because not a lot of brands is doing this . You have to stand out and you have to create a relationship. You guys don't need to pay for dinners obviously for everyone, but you have to do something to create a relationship in order to stand out, in order to win. That's first of all, understand how do I create a relationship with this email or with this influencer? That's the first lesson you have to understand that your mindset you're doing approaching. Why I'm saying this is because this influencer receives proposals, emails, phone calls, everything on a daily basis. And the good thing for you is that all of these brands are very, very transact ional. And transactional is negative. This is good to understand and this is also probably why you are failing right now. A lot of you guys is writing to me, showing me what you're writing and you're writing email like, "Hey, what's the price I want to buy you?" That's what everyone is here for. They want to get paid, you want to pay them to do something. But you don't want to make them feel like this. This is the difference because the more you make them feel that you're actually interested in them beyond just a transactional collaboration, they will care more for you. They will feel something different, they will give you priority. This is what you need to aim for. So how do we get this to an email? How to get personal in the email, for example? I will show you this. But this is the rules that we have. We've written so many emails. We've made so many times, of course, because we've done this for so many years. And also, I actually come from a sales background with business to business sales. So actually, I applied my experience into this e-com game of building relationships with influencers has helped me a lot. This is the master class I'm going to give you today. It's a little bit about sales, a little bit about communication, which in the end of the day is helping you to create the best possible outcome for the influ encer collaboration. First of all, you need to understand this. What is the purpose of the email? What is the sale? You might think it's a collaboration. You might think that the outreach is to get the contract. And it's absolutely not. So you are selling just to get an answer. Never forget about that. You're not selling anything else more than getting a fucking answer. That's why you need to be very personal if you want an answer. You want to be very sure and you want to be very relatable. And you could actually put yourself in the shoes. If you get an email, which is like a Bible, right, we use the word Bible because it's a very long text. Usually how people do sending an email, hey, my name is blah, blah, blah, I am. This company is doing this, this, this, and it's just giving them so much context. And the thing is, they don't fucking care. You have to understand this in sales. Nobody fucking cares. The only thing everybody cares about is what you can do for them, right? That's why you need to go very quick to the point. So personal short relatable and how do we do this on an email in practical wise ? I will show you an example. So this is an example. I'm writing. First of all, the subject. This is the subject. The subject is extremely important because this is the first where you have the opportunity to stand out. So congratulations to the award of XXXOlivia. What does this mean? It means that you have fucking checked who this person is and you are congrat ulating her for something that she has achieved. This is just an example. You have to find anything. You can just look on their Instagram and maybe they recently have a kid. Recently they had a pet. Recently they moved to Spain. Recently they went for a vacation in France. Hey, I'm hoping you're having a great time in France. You put this on a subject to be personal and stand out. Okay? I hope that you are getting this. Second, you have the actual email. So first of all, yes. Number one is you saying your name in intro, right? The intro very short. Don't forget about this by the way. They don't care anything. So they don't care who you are. They don't care about your founder or CEO or whatever. They just care why are you fucking writing to me. So that's why I'm putting, hey, my name is Santiago, founder of Hapflops and then shut up because they don't fucking care about me anyways. And then I write congratulations on winning the award of best mother influencer of the year and then, for example, in Norway, in France, in whatever. You need to find something very good that makes them like feel holy shit. This person, you know, it's special. Grant, especially because they are outreaching, congratulating us about something that not everybody knows about, just an example. Then second of all, I'm writing because I would love to send over some Hapflops pairs to you and your family without any formal expectations. The reason is because we're interested in a paid collaboration. Why do I say this? Because after writing so many emails, when a lot of influence is actually, don't understand that the brand wants to give them a paid collaboration. Sometimes they think that they just want to do a free product exchange or a call up because we are sending here that we would love to send some. Yeah, right? And this could be confusing to some because when you want to send free products , then they believe that you want them to do a collaboration in exchange, which is not the case. I will explain to you why I'm telling them that I want to send some free pairs without any formal expectations. It's because that also is an act of building a relationship. You have to understand the law of receiving. The law of receiving is to give. You need to give before you receive, all right? Give is equal to later receive. So you just tell them without any formal expectations. However, we are interested in a paid collaboration. So you make them clear that you are interested in business, but you're just sending on free products to let them test these products because you think that they will love them. We would love you to test the products here and to see if you love them first. Like, for example, our 1 million customers. So why is this so good email? Because first of all, we are sending free shit without any expectations. Everyone likes that. It also makes an impression that you are honest about your business. You want them to test this first. You don't expect anything. This is how business should be done in real life. So that's why people love this kind of approach. And then you tell them a really nice fact that also says a lot about your brand . So, for example, in our case, we say, you know, we want you to send some pairs. We hope you love them. Test them. But, you know, we think that you will love them exactly as our 1 million customers. This speaks that, you know, we are established brand, we have something to be proud of. This short sentence could be anything. It could be that you are being, that you have anything that is making your brand more credible. For example, that you have won any award as a brand that you have achieved a certain amount of customers. It doesn't need to be 1 million, of course. You also need to be honest about it. You can tell if your product is differentiated in any shape or form. You need to mention this. And then if you like them, here, if you like them, then we can set up a call to discuss the collaboration. This also makes you very professional. You want them to like them first and then set up a call to then further discuss the collaboration. It's really good. Happy Flops, then in the end, you give them very strong facts about your brand. So they know that you are a serious person, you are a serious brand and that they are not wasting their time. For example, Happy Flops won the best home product of the year in Sweden 2025. We have over 1 million very happy customers. We believe you are perfect fit, etc. They don't need to know more. They don't care more either. They just want to understand what's the purpose of the email. If it's a serious brand, if you are a serious person and if they're going to get paid in the end, this is what they care about. So this is how a really good email actually looks like. Great guys. This is how to be personal. This is also how to be very, very short, precise and how to actually get the ultimate outcome, which is an answer. Almost always they say yes to the free products. If you have a fantastic product, which you should, then the second step of that is just a meeting which I will also talk about in a little bit later stage. All right, good, once you get an answer, you will get the price and then you will set up a call and I will talk about what you should focus in the call and more. So, all some rules about doing outreach that you should know about. In order to close three to five contracts, you should do at least 10 influencer outreach, which from this 10, you should have a list of maybe 50 influencers. Because of this 50, you will get out the top top 10 that you have done the best research for and you have got the best results from. Super good. Let's go to the next step. The winning setup for paid collaboration. This is actually very interesting. The reason is because a lot of agencies are put here, agencies and influencers. They want you to sell this. Yeah, they want you to sell you the whole package because a lot of these influ encers don't always understand the true value of collaborating with a brand in the best way because they always want to sell you posts. And then they want to sell you reels. And then they want to sell you long, long period, long term control. This is really good for them. For them, this is an ideal world. And a lot of brands, of course, with a lot of money does this without understanding that they don't need to do this. And it's actually almost not worthless, but it's on the line because I will tell you what is worth investing in. And I can tell you for a fact that after spending hundreds of influencers and doing some posts and reels and all of this, it doesn't matter because we are focusing as a brand. We are focused on making sales and conversions. That's not the only focus. By the way, there is also another point of view where you invest in a profile which could be a little bit more intentionally to brand positioning. And you also don't care as much about sales. However, that's another topic. This is not what I'm talking about today. What I'm talking about today is to understand what converts because that's what I think that you guys need to understand and that you guys actually wants to invest in. So, first of all, you don't do posts, you don't do res and you don't do long term. This is a no-no from the first time that you communicate with these people, right? So what do you actually invest in? You only invest in stories. Why? Because stories is the platform where people, consumers are looking at on their profiles. They are not looking at posts so much time, right? They are mostly looking at short term content, which is stories. So the only interesting setup that you should focus on is stories three to five sequences, depending on the price. Sometimes it's the same price on three to five sequences. Sometimes they want to charge you extra for like two extra sequences. But you don't need more. In the sequences, you always, for example, if you get three sequences, you get the first two sequences. First two should be video. And the last sequence should be a photo promoting the photo offer with the person. So, and what's funny is that posts and reads are usually more expensive. This is actually funny. This is more expensive and also less results. So it's funny how they're pricing their packaging as well. Because the stories usually is the most cheap alternative from doing call up. And it's because stories eliminates after 24 hours, which I think is their reasonate the price. Because it's supposed to be live for like a week or a month or even more. Also a real, which in their heads gives more value. But in our heads, it don't give more value because a lot of people don't actively check in the reads. But they're actively checking the stories. That's why the only conversions that comes from a collaboration always comes from stories. Second rule for a winning setup, content rights. A lot of you guys, I actually spoke to people that invested in influencers, doesn't do content rights. So they do the influencers investment. And then they don't do anything on content rights. Content rights can sometimes also be called boosting rights, you know, or sparking as white listening. This is the same shit. So what you should focus on is to get two weeks of rights to get the content for you to use them on your own behalf. On ads, right here on ads. Because the reason is this is where you also will get the most of money. Let's say you invest in an influencer and they sell for like 10K organically on the stories, 10K, 5K, 3K. This is usually a good influencer investment actually, depending also on the price of course. But when you do content rights, it means that you will probably sell on a daily basis, the daily revenue, approximately what they did on the organic. So for example, if they sold for 10K organically, this means that you can actually make 10K a day on ads with their content. This is almost exactly the same truth. We've seen this all the time. When they sell for 5K, then they do 5K a day. And then imagine if they sell for like 50K, which a lot of winning influencer does, then this means you will start selling for 50K a day on ads. So it actually doesn't really matter what the price is for the content rights. Sometimes the price double. For example, the story price. Sometimes they charge for example 10K for story sequences, collaboration. And then they say, if you want content rights for one month, then it also 10K. Then you say, okay, I don't want a full month. I want two weeks. Then you will get it for 5, right? 5. This is approximately how they think about the pricing, but it doesn't matter because you pay $5,000 for two weeks content rights and you will generate this or this or whatever amount they sold in the organic post. So this is really important and really great value for you guys. So you understand what's important, how this works, and why you should always, always, always, always get the content rights. Once you get the two weeks and after two weeks, you see it's positive, positive . You just extend it for another two weeks and then another two weeks and then maybe a month if you see that this is really, really blooming. But you should be very careful because investing these two weeks at a time is usually more intelligent than just take 30 days because in 30 days, maybe the content already dies out of the one week or two weeks and it doesn't work anymore for some reason, then you don't want to pay for 30 days. You want to pay for two weeks, always in the beginning and then when you validate the influencer, then you can spend 30 days in the next month's collaboration. Great, this is about the winning setup, let's go to the briefing. This is a fun part. A lot of people also ask me about how do I brief influ encers and I will actually, the best way to explain the, we have, as you can see , creators and then we have influencers. So, the best way to explain you the briefing is actually looking at these two different categories because you guys are probably already used to brief, you can see. You can see, creator, you tell them a script, you give them a lot of instructions and this is what they are paid for. They are basically like actors, an actor, they need to know exactly what they should do, how they should talk, what they should feel. But an influencer that we are focusing on, that already built a following, they don't operate the same, you need to understand this. This is not the same thing, this is not the same people and also because of that, you should not treat them the same either. So, as you can see, it's an actor that needs everything instructed and the influencer needs very few things instructed. That's why I created the briefing should be basically like a top five most important things. And this is also, by the way, the only thing that they will listen to. We tested so many ways where we sent a very long brief to the influencer, they don't give a shit because they strongly believe they already know what to do, this is the difference. You can see, creator, they, of course, they are very experienced one, they also know a lot, but an influencer because they have already reached a massing following, they already know how they made it. They already know how they created trust with the influencer, so they should only be focusing on what the big don'ts and the big do's. For example, for hapflops, we have the top five most important things for an influencer. One briefing is you must demonstrate the product for the first three seconds, show that you're wearing this inside and outside, mention that it certifies, and then we sometimes put the top selling angle is this, for example, pain relief or vacation. And then you give them this, and they already know how to cook, okay, they should already understand, okay, my audience likes this and this, my audience likes me because of this and that. So they will understand approximately how they will create this video. So you should tell them, you should tell them after the briefing here, give us three ideas and share them with us, just that. Let the influencer think about this, get the product, and then think about the ideas and then let you know. And then once you receive the ideas, some of the ideas will be, for example, sales friendly, you know, nuts, and some of them will be less sales friendly on us, which you should be, you know, very, very aware of. And then you make them understand, okay, you make them choose the idea that is most sales friendly. This is about the briefing, but let's get to the nearly greedy, very, very important thing. I spoke about this in the beginning. You first do the outreach on email and then you ask them for a meeting. This is the reason. First of all, nobody is doing this. No brand is doing meetings because they don 't fucking care. Everyone is just extremely egocentric that everyone wants just to get paid. We just want video. We want to see if this works. But this is not the way we work and now can tell you with high confidence that this is also the reason it has been working out really good for us. Because in the end of the day, we go back to the basics. What is the basics, guys? Relationships in business are always the best, all right? This doesn't even have to do with the e-commerce. But if you're good at creating relationships, you will be great at business. And also you guys should know storytelling sales more than any kind of fabricated shit. So this means that when you do meetings with them, sometimes it is with their agents because a lot of these people have their own agents. And sometimes you will have the opportunity to have a meeting with the actual influencer. When you have a meeting, you are already creating a story, right? Because in the meeting, you want to present the brand. You want to talk about the brand not too much. But you know what's the most important? This. You want to have the meeting because you want to make a high impression. You want them to have something to talk about on their video that they will create for you, on their story. And this is the perfect also secret sauce about us. A lot of our influencers often, you know, seeing us, either if it's virtually or if it's physically, they have always something nice to tell because, oh, I met the owner. Oh, I met the CEO of Applops. I met this person in Applops. They told me about this and they are telling this on their stories, which creates a way more authentic story and collaboration for the audience. It's way more credible. It's way more believable. But when you don't have all of these things, it gets very transactional. And the transactional method or approach always gives less sales, you know. So we put here transactional, transactional, equal, less sales, personal, equal , a lot, sales. So accept the sales. When you have a relationship with these people, you can modify your contract. You can, you know, they will come up with the best ideas for you. And you will, in the end of the day, have the long-term partnership with these influencers because they get personal with you, because you got personal with them. So that's, like, to be honest, the most important thing when you actually find a winning influencer, it's actually this. It's great a relationship and don't see them as transactional stuff because they are already used to be treated very transactional from other brands. And we don't want this, right? We want to stand out. How to win? You stand out. And you know this on ads, you know this on email marketing, you know this on marketing in general. So this is the way to stand out with influencers. All right, guys, I hope you understood it. I hope you liked it and I hope you make great success with your next investment of influencer. All right, guys, love you and I hope that you are having a blast.
