
[00:00:00] - Okay, so welcome to these wonderful modules. And, you know, I think it'd be good if we could just kind of introduce ourselves about like just like our backgrounds and stuff. So you kind of know what you're getting yourself into with the future modules that we'll be recording. So my name is Greg Lebkoff. I'm one of the founders of Canary Solutions. You know, we're a product sourcing company working with DDC brands, helping them, you know, vet manufacturers, and find the right ones to be working with negotiate pricing and oversee production and coordinating all the N10 logistics to like, you know, whether it's China 3PL or US 3PL. And, you know, we serve, we service them in all different category, product categories. Yeah, I lived in China for 10 years. I'm fluent in the language. It's part of how I got into this industry. I always thought about like how I could be like a bridge between the East and West and product sourcing, I guess was my calling for that goal. And, we started Canary about six years ago in 2019. Known Chris and CJ forever. They also are with me at Canary. And I'll let them kind of share some background on them. - You wanna go first, CJ? - Yeah, sure. Yeah, so my name's CJ. I've been living in China the past 12 years. I'm also fluent in the language. My background is, you know, designing and developing consumer electronics here in Shenzhen. That means, you know, running R&D departments, 
[00:02:01] quality control departments, production departments across multiple factories, launched, you know, hundreds of different SKUs, all from scratch, all fully custom stuff. I've known Greg since, you know, I pretty much when I first moved to China, Greg and I met and he'd always been like a mentor and big brother to me. So a year and a half ago, about now, I jumped over and joined the Canary team. And now I am out here running China operations. What that means is I'm involved in the day-to-day process with all of our account managers, supplier research team and order management team, just overseeing all of the conversations that they're having with the different vendors, how everything is getting communicated to the clients and just making sure that everything is moving as efficiently as possible. And also do a lot of the flatline work when it comes to, you know, communicating with our clients, when it comes to product planning and problem-solving. - Yeah, I'm Chris Oslebo, I'm the Director of Strategic Operations at Canary. I recently started last year, but I've been in sourcing for around 13 years. I've brought a couple thousand products from concept to market, and that's been across various product categories, ranging from toys, apparel, consumer electronics, products, different textiles, products. I was also in the automotive space for a couple of years, which was great for establishing like best practices and quality control procedures. I'm also a former Shark Tank winner, where I walked away with a deal for my AI smart toy for kids. Here at Canary, I do a lot of work, not just internally reviewing some of our operations 
[00:04:04] surrounding factory communication, factory planning, but also with our clients for PO forecasting and other operational strategic endeavors for our long-term growth. - Great, great. So for this first module, we would like to pick it off, just by like teaching all of you about how to take full control of your supply chain, it'll be more of a general overview each of the slides, and we do dive deeper in future modules. So I think this will just be more of an overview, but I think you'll be able to get some good learnings out of it. So I think the best way to start to like really lay the foundation of understanding the supply chain on the manufacturing side is you kind of have like four entity types that you could be working with right now. Like some of you in the community, I'm sure are working with factories directly. There are some that are working with trade companies, and there is nothing wrong with trade companies. In some product categories, you're almost forced to work with trade companies. There are instances, what we see is, there are some people working with trade companies that are posing as factories, and those are kind of like frustrating situations to be in. Then you have like dropshipping agents, or shipping agents, or fulfillment companies, they're all kind of used interchangeably. Now, those companies are shipping specialists for fulfillment, and they do say they offer sourcing services, 
[00:06:00] but they're not like manufacturing specialists. Their ultimate goal is to be getting inventory as quickly as possible so that they could ship it for you. So the interests aren't fully aligned, but where they are aligned is the fact that like, they're going to focus on getting products with very short lead times, so that's a good thing. It could be a bad thing if quality matters for the product. There's somewhere, I'm not going to say quality doesn't matter, but it's just like they're easier products that you're not going to run into quality issues as much. And in those product categories, you're a little safer if you want them to source for you. Generally less customized stuff, right, and more just like off the shelf. Yeah, don't really need to mess with it too much, right? And then you have sourcing companies that now a sourcing company like us would be more just focusing on betting the manufacturers, being more of your boots on the ground and kind of like your outsource supply chain department, dealing with the manufacturers in various areas so that it could be the betting process, it could be just negotiating pricing, when the brand owners or founders are coming over to China, where we're kind of like the chaperones and leading communications, handling all translation and making sure that they're able to get everything they want accomplished with the factory. We're also like trying to forecast future orders to avoid stock outs. Of course, when problems are occurring, we have to come up with solutions to solve those problems. And it could be various different issues. 
[00:08:02] Sometimes in some industries, you need to actually scale the amount of factories you're working with, which goes happen in apparel a lot. So we need to, it's almost like you're continuing to vet more factories so you could just have them in your network so you could be allocating some of your demand to them. Then there's also just figuring out payment term structures, leveraging Chinese currency to work with certain factories that can't accept US dollars. So a sourcing company is really just like your procurement arm. And I think what I'd like to do next, only 'cause this is really like laying a foundation of the companies you could be working with, maybe we could just quickly run through just some of the pros and cons of working with each of those entities. See, Joe, let you kind of kick it off with the pros and cons part of each of them. Yeah, sure, so working with factories, you're able to go direct to the source that generally is gonna get you the best pricing, but it also comes with a lot of operational headaches, right? You're gonna have to be managing it yourself or you're gonna have to hire someone that understands factories, which just adds operational expense. So it takes a lot of time and bandwidth or a dedicated person or even a team depending on the scale that you're at. Oftentimes factories aren't the smoothest with communication. They might have a dedicated sales staff, but that doesn't mean that they are the most proficient when it comes to technology and best practices for how to actually run a factory. And so you have to kind of navigate those obstacles when working with a factory. But again, it can be one of the fastest ways 
[00:10:03] to get a new product launched and there's a lot of advantages when it comes to pricing if you have the time for it. When it comes to trade companies, Greg, like you mentioned earlier, there are some cases where trade companies operate, actually generally trade companies operate within specialized niches, right? So they have a strong network of factories, let's say if you're doing pet products. They might have a really, really strong network of pet product factories that they can get you stuff for. And those factories might not even have their own sales staff because they just partnered with different trading companies in China. When you're dealing with a trade company, there's a middleman involved. So the communication isn't as direct as it would be if you were going to a factory, but you might get better service than you would be from working directly with a factory. The drop shipping agent is like a kind of step away from that even because Greg, like you mentioned earlier, they are, the main goal is to do fulfillment, right? They're the more you ship, the more money they make. And so they just want to make sure that you're shipping as much as possible, as often as possible, which is great. It is a relationship that you kind of need to nurture, especially if you want to do fulfillment from China exclusively or a hybrid fulfillment operation, but relying on them solely for your product sourcing is not going to be the most efficient way to go about it. You're going to run into customization obstacles because they're not going to really know how to go and customize a product or they won't have the bandwidth for it. And again, it's just like another middleman. And oftentimes, the fulfillment companies are also working with trading companies that they know of. And so there can be a lot of different hands in the pie. And then with a sourcing company, it's like an outsource supply chain. It's a great fit for scaling brands 
[00:12:00] that don't have the experience or don't have the time to deal with the factory. But again, it is a person in the middle. And so if that's not your cup of tea, that is what it is, but sourcing companies can work as an outsourced internal department, I guess, if that makes sense. - Yeah, I think too, and just to be really agnostic about the whole thing is there are some brand owners that just want to have more control of operating the back end. Maybe they feel that they know their product better and they just want to deal directly with the factories. And in those cases, there's no need then to work with the sourcing company because it's almost like we're getting in the middle. And you're going to want to be more involved with the factory communications. And if you do, it's better for you then to do stuff on your own. You could find people to work in house for you that are on the ground in China. We cover that in the module, actually this one, just about what you can do to build your own in-house team. And then one other thing to touch on the fulfillment companies, drop shipping agents or shipping agents, just something to be mindful of too is kind of the price games that go on with that. And that's where there is more risk there than working with a trade company. For example, they're making a margin in both sourcing the product and shipping it. So we've seen countless times where we start working with the brand and the brands telling us that they were able to lower their product costs, but then all of a sudden some of their shipping costs got higher. 
[00:14:01] And it's easy to say when shipping costs get higher because they just do, because of fuel costs and things like that. So it's like an easy thing to just pad. So then in the end, you kind of net zero. Or what happens is the product costs are extremely low, but the shipping costs are a lot higher. But when you're looking at both together, you're kind of looking at land-to-cost. So you're not really dissecting your cogs the way you should be. So I do think that you do need to be careful when you're dealing with a fulfillment company that's also sourcing. Now fulfillment companies, that's why we don't do fulfillment. I mean, that's an entirely different business. And there's so many strategies that you can do with a fulfillment company when they're only shipping in terms of trying to figure out how to reduce your fulfillment costs and stuff like that. Like e-commops, for example. They only do fulfillment. And it allows us to kind of function the same way where we're really working with the client on different ways you could reduce your product weight or packaging weight to bring down your fulfillment costs. So that's kind of like my last point on that. And now that you know all the entities involved, I do think that, hold on a second, okay. I think we could dive into performing due diligence on suppliers, manufacturers as like a next slide. So why don't we, yeah, CJ, won't we discuss kind of like what our process is? And then, you know, that way people can kind of like, you know, incorporate that process themselves. - Yeah, so I mean, at Canary, at the end of the day, we're service providers. We're an outsourced supply chain department for your company. So when we're doing supplier research and outreach, we're gonna go and find out everyone 
[00:16:00] that's involved in the space here in China, which means also understanding who the trade companies are so that we can try to avoid them and also just understand what their offerings are because we do wanna go factory direct. We have a really, really strong team of 20 plus people here in China that has the bandwidth to be able to go factory direct. And then we also have the experience and know how to be able to kind of convey that information and work in a collaborative way with brand owners to make it as close to working as factory direct as possible. And part of the model is also, you know, just being transparent in the costs and then just collecting the service fee that we're owed for the work that we perform. So with the supplier outreach, you know, we're talking to 30 to 50 different companies. We're figuring out who the trading companies are so that we stay away from them. But we also understand what the offerings are and then we're trying to find out who the factories are that are making the best products in that niche. After that, we do an evaluation based on how they communicate because we wanna have someone that's collaborative to work with. We wanna make sure that their quality control processes are in place and we wanna make sure that they're reliable when it comes to timely deliveries. And so a lot of that happens here, you know, in the second step when we go and visit the suppliers to assess what their factory setup is, that allows us to know a lot more about what their business model is, what type of quality of products that they're making, and once we do all of that, we're able to narrow it down to, you know, three to five different suppliers that we would recommend working with, just based on, you know, unbiased analysis of what the business is that they're doing. So again, that touches on the next step of, you know, the initial communication and the assessment. And then we're also collecting different samples. You know, a lot of times we have brands coming to us that are trying to get in contact with their factory. I mean, I was in a situation where a new client 
[00:18:02] approached us just like last week and he was saying, like I'm going through a trading or a fulfillment company that's buying from a trading company, that's buying the product from a factory. Like I have issues with the factory or with the quality of the product, but I have no idea how to get in touch with these people and they're not like making the introduction. And so, you know, we're having to collect samples now and then we were able to actually get on the phone with the client and the factory and then address the issues with the samples and get everything done all at once. - Yeah, I mean, I really don't think that this, like the actual step of due diligence, like the importance can't be understated. Like it's just incredibly, it's incredibly important because if you're not reaching out and really getting the lay of the land on, you know, who are the key players in the space? Who is the most suitable manufacturer for your product? Then you might end up going down the road, investing your time, money and efforts to develop a product that a manufacturer that can't actually adequately support your needs or scale with you, for example. So, you know, as you think about like the different supplier types, it's good to have kind of like an open mind. Maybe you do intend to be working hands-on with your manufacturer, but there's ways you could be partnering. So it's like a sourcing company, for example, where you're putting your best foot forward is hard to get a full lay of the land when you're not actually there in, you know, in this case in China to be able to really assess who's best to work with. And then if you're working with like a trade company or with dropshippers, you know, of course, for them, they want to go to their certain stable of suppliers that they regularly work with. So you may get a biased recommendation from them. So it's good, I think it's good to have an open mind and really make sure that you're taking the appropriate time to conduct thorough due diligence. 
[00:20:02] - Yeah, and then like one last point is for those that, 'cause like when we talk about performing due diligence, that's usually at the beginning of like looking into a product. So I do want to like address this topic to like maybe some people who are in the beginning phases of just like looking into a product that they haven't sold before, they may want to start another brand. And in those cases, I think like working with a dropshipping agent or fulfillment company or shipping agent, I want to say well three because everyone uses like kind of it interchangeably, but that's where they could be really valuable to you in the beginning because like they'll be able to buy stuff at very low MLQs. Like MLQs that like we wouldn't even be able to like accept because of the factoring network we work with. So it allows you to like launch and test real fast. You could test a lot of different things at once. And I think that's where utilizing a fulfillment company in that capacity is really helpful. And then that's where you don't really need to focus too much on this element of due diligence that we just explained. I think that's more for when for those that want to just start a brand and like get right into you know, branding their products and going through the MLQs with a real factory. I'd say like, you know, following those steps that like CJ explained is definitely the way to go. We do have a module on this, that's on this topic. So we'll dive a lot deeper into that in that module. So moving on to deciding on long-term factory partners. So I would say this is now getting into more about taking control of your supply chain. So CJ, why don't you like run through each of these points 
[00:22:03] and how you know, it kind of has like the potential for you to get more control. Yeah, when looking at factory resources, what you're looking at is you're comparing the product that you're trying to get made or develop with the resources that the factory actually has. Do they have the proper engineering team and R&D staff available to answer all of your questions and get you a solid breakdown on, you know, the product that you're trying to create do the timelines make sense and does the cost make sense? It's not always the cheapest factory that's the best and it's not always the most expensive factory that that's the best. Sometimes it is, that's something that you're going to have to, you know, kind of work out on your own and just see who you feel the most comfortable with who's communicating the best and who you feel like you could establish a long-term collaborative relationship with. So another one would be assessing the cost and the lead times, right? I just kind of touched on that. It's not always the cheapest supplier and it's not always the fastest supplier. But if the factory keeps records on their lead times, that generally means that you can go and see like, okay, if we're using, you know, this component in the product and that is the longest lead time, then maybe this factory can help me just prepare extra of that component so that my lead times get shorter as we move on and like that also might require some deposits or some forecasting on your part and, you know, the factory is going to need to be flexible with that. So like, that's another really big thing that we look at when deciding on long-term factory partners. - Yeah, so just to interject on that, like, I do think when it comes to lead times, it's like the common thing I see in the e-commerce space, like when they hear the initial lead times, like, oh my God, that's like so long. 
[00:24:01] And like going to what like CJ was saying, it's like, you know, of course, like first orders are always going to be the long list 'cause like you're starting off a relationship. But the idea isn't to just like discount the, you know, and remove them from your consideration set because if you ask them more questions about, well, in the future, how can I get the lead times down to 10 days? You know, whatever is in your mind, you could ask whatever questions you want, no one's going to bite, but they'll be able to kind of work through a plan with you as, okay, cool, well, when you place your first order lead times are going to be this. But if you order this component, it'll reduce the lead times to that. So just like, don't just like get rid of an option because the lead times are long when you first hear them. It's not, they're not going to know, like a factory isn't really going to be like sophisticated enough to tell you like, hey, your lead time is this. It's going to be this though later. You kind of got to get it out of them. But when you do, then you're like, oh, okay, got it. Now I have like a plan here. Oh, you're pretty professional. Just like how you're explaining everything to me. So if anything, like as you keep questioning them, you're starting to say, oh, okay, they're a pretty reliable option. So, and then let's go into now like some of this, like certifications is a great way to roll out options. So what are the common certifications in different product categories that you see CJ? - Yeah, I mean, if you're looking into supplements or skin care, they're going to need to be FDA or GMPC registered depending on the markets that you're trying to go into. And so you also need to do a little bit of due diligence as to what's required for the markets you're selling into, especially in those spaces with electronics and medical devices and some other things. You know, we talk a little bit about in our how to perform QC module about different certifications 
[00:26:00] that are available for different quality control processes and what to look out there. It's just a general good idea to understand what the factory has in terms of certifications. If they have nothing, then you probably want to pass. If they do have some various certifications, you can kind of start to talk to them about the process that it was like to get the certification, what they've learned from it, how the certifications can apply to real life examples of working with you. And then the more openly they're willing to communicate about that, the better of a long-term supplier they're probably going to be. - Yeah, and it's also helpful to understand what retail channels you're going to be selling into with your product and having some vision for that. Sometimes depending on where you're selling, if you're selling into certain retailers, depending on the product category, there can be specific certification requirements because of that, right? For example, let's say that you're looking to sell into Walmart or into Target, they have certain social audit requirements, responsible business audit requirements, where it's good to keep those things in mind and confer with your supplier to see if they have, they already have those audits on hand. It could help to make for a smoother process when you're rolling out the business. - Yeah, for sure. Supplier location is another good one. This is generally something that we use to try to weed out trading companies actually because China is very segmented in where different industries operate. And so if we see, for example, an electronics factory that's operating out of Wuhan or Hunan Province, like we know that there really aren't a lot of electronics out there. And so it makes more sense that they're a trading company. It's also a little bit more difficult to travel to 
[00:28:00] if you ever need to go to China and see what's going on. So you kind of want to look for people like in the bigger cities, generally down here in the south in your Shenzhen, Guangzhou area, or in the Shanghai Jiangsu area up there. So supplier location is a big one. You're also going to want to take into consideration where your fulfillment is happening from because domestic shipping from the factory to the warehouse can also add up quickly. - Right, great. And then I think like with sample quality, that's actually a really good exercise on learning a lot about a factory. Like it's not just about is the sample good or not. It's kind of about like, well, let's say there are some problems with the sample. And you now need to just discuss that with the manufacturer to see what went wrong with some of the things that don't look correct. And just how they answer those questions, how they went about troubleshooting some things with you, like it's a gadget that's having an issue. It's going to tell you a lot about the service that you're going to get from them. Because it's kind of like it's going to do the same thing like if there's any defect issues from an order, right? It's out of bigger scale than a sample, but you're starting to see like a little bit of their after sale service. So I think like just ruling them out altogether because like you just didn't like the sample, you're missing out on an opportunity to really test their abilities to troubleshoot or, you know, service you sometimes like, and it's just like, it's a lot more common in China than anywhere else, but like maybe just a manufacturing hub. But like just sometimes like mistakes happen and it was just like one of those like, you know, 
[00:30:00] surprise, you know, shocking situations. And maybe like they were one of the best factories to be working with, you know? So it's like one of those things that like you can't just, you can't just like immediately reject them. It's kind of good to just like see it through. Yeah, there are some things that like you could immediately rule them out if like it's just like total garbage. And like you could tell that there was like no handles care. But you know, you really do like during the due diligence process you do have to keep a pretty open mind. There's so many occasions where like I like really didn't like a supplier at the beginning from the sample point and like now I'm doing like loads of business with them. So it's, you know, you just got to like really be like open-minded during the process. And then I would say, yeah, let's kind of dive into now just like we could do it kind of together. The communication and cooperatability. Are they hungry for the business? Chris, like I think you have some good experience there with the element of like them being hungry for the business and just like leveraging that to your advantage. But then also why that becomes like a really good long-term partner. Yeah, I mean, look, I don't think that the, these two last points here, it's almost as important as the rest here really. So I mean, you want to manufacture that you can work with and that you can communicate with that you don't run into obstacles with when you're trying to, when you're just trying to establish your basic goals and do business with them. So as you're starting to work with a manufacturer, if you see you're running into communication challenges consistently and you're not able to find a way to get the support you need, it could be a good red, it could be a big red flag right out of the gate. Conversely, if you see that, you know, 
[00:32:01] every time that you're communicating with them that they're receptive and that they want to cooperate with you, they want to work something out to make, to achieve your goals with you, then that can go a really long way, right? Maybe they don't have the most, maybe their pricing is not the cheapest option or maybe their initial lean time that they communicate isn't the fastest option that you have available to you. But if you can work with them and try to come up with a strategy that they're willing to cooperate with to either, you know, offer more attractive pricing or work something out from a longer-term payment, payment-term path for you, maybe you don't have the most attractive costing, but you have payment terms with the manufacturer, right? And if you, so kind of the bottom line is, if they're cooperative and they want your business, then that can open doors for you that, you know, is just as important as the other, the other factors here to consider, right? - Yeah, I think by going through all of the steps that we just kind of outlined above when trying to decide on long-term factory partners, you get a really good idea on their communication and cooperability and how hungry they are for the business, right? So it kind of flows from the top down here in the way that we've arranged this slide. - Yeah. - Cool. So, yeah, so I think that that's a good topic now. What are some things that you could be doing to protect yourself with like taking full control of your supply chain? I think in this slide, CJ, I think you could like kind of incorporate a lot of experiences that we have with clients as well. You know, it just has like a, you know, as a way to kind of walk people through each of those points. 
[00:34:03] - Yeah, so we briefly touched on certifications earlier. You know, you really need to understand what your target market is or, you know, if you're going to be cooperating with any retailers or even just doing sales on Amazon and what their expectations are going to be. And you want to make sure that you're working with factories that are certified from the beginning. If you have to go in and like try to work with a factory to get certifications because, you know, you thought that they were cooperative from the beginning, but they don't have the certificates that can be a really long expensive headache to have to deal with. So it's best to just find factories that have the certificates that you need, understand what the certificates that you need actually mean, and then you can go and have educated conversations with the factory about it, right? - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and I think like some of these certificates that like we listed here, like, yeah, if you're doing skincare and supplements, like FDA, GMPC is just like super common that you need. You know, UL, that's like one of the best certificates you can get in the electronics space, 510K. A lot of these red light therapy devices, 510K are needed or anything medical device related. 510K certificates are needed. OTC is a big one for those that if you're doing sunscreen, for example, you know, you're gonna need an OTC certificate or, you know, for certain supplements as well, or like if you're trying to get into like CVS or anything like that with some of the products. You know, OTC is a great certificate to get, not an easy one either. And then like, of course, MSDS is important, especially for some of these like sensitive products. And then CJ maybe just explain like the ISO one real quick. - Yeah, so ISO is kind of just like general best quality 
[00:36:01] control processes and they have different categories for different niches of production processes. And like they're all labeled with different numbers. And so, you know, you could look into what ISO certification covers the type of product that you're trying to do, understand what the processes are that are involved with that, and then see what factories have it, and then have a really educated conversation with them about how they specifically go about using those processes and how it relates to your product. You might have to also fill in some extra steps, like from the standpoint of a user of your product to just make sure that they're plugging in certain tests that they might not do based on the ISO standard, but things that you want done for your product. But ISO was a really good litmus test, I guess Chris, is that you, as you put it earlier when we were doing that other module? Just as if the factory is a buttoned up professional factory or not? - No, no. And then like IP in place, I'd say is like a really good way to protect yourself. There's a lot, I mean, we can go into a lot of stories about that, but I'd say like trademarks and patents are the key ones, you know, we have a lot of clients that we have to file trademarks in China for, that way you could have more control over like the factory that you're working with. That maybe touch on a little bit about the patent situation 'cause we have dealt with that, where like, you know, I think fulfillment companies don't know how to navigate that situation as well. So why don't you share one of your experiences, CJ, with like a patent issue that we've had in the past? - Yeah, you know, we've had clients, a specific one that comes to mind actually, that came to us, he had a patent issue, 
[00:38:00] it was a design patent around a product that he was selling from a factory that was just like white labeling it out and sending it to everyone, like they didn't really care about the design patent that was around in the US where like his biggest target market was. And so, you know, we had to help him go and get a design done that, you know, worked around the design patent that was already filed for his hero product. And, you know, he ended up having to stop sales of that product while we got the whole design process figured out and now everything kind of worked out. But like, when you're working on a product, especially something with a custom design, it's really important that you own the rights to your IP, even if you're working with the factory to help you develop it. It should be clearly stated from the beginning that, you know, you need to be the owner of that patent. Both in China and in the US patents are transferable from, you know, China and the US, it's a bit longer of a process. It actually makes more sense to file your patents in China first because it's cheaper and a little bit faster than it is in the US. And then once you have that, you can kind of transfer it over to the US more easily than you can transfer a US patent over into China. When it comes to trademarks, trademarks are not transferable internationally into China. So you need to make sure that you have your trademark filed in China if you're going to be operating there. Otherwise, you know, factories can kind of just take your, take your brand and then do whatever they want with it. Someone else could own the trademark in China and that could cause issues for you down the line. And something that you're going to want to also have in place is a trademark authorization or a brand authorization agreement, which we're going to talk about here in this next section about the contractual agreements. - Yeah, I remember running into challenges. I was doing production for Disney back, you know, 
[00:40:01] years ago and every single shipment was we had to get the trademark authorization letters from Disney Direct sent over to share. Otherwise, you know, it was going to be controlled and not permitted to ship out. Couldn't export it. Even with the authorizations, like, you know what I mean, even having their permission to do the manufacturing was insufficient without the letter to actually export it. - Okay, I'm just saying. So yeah, with the contractual agreements with factories, you know, not all of them will do an NDA more of the, you know, when you start dealing with some contract manufacturers or you're doing some like, you know, custom ODM projects like a, you know, a gadget from scratch type of thing. They'll be more open to like, you know, a commutual NDA, for example. I do think QC agreements are great to get them to sign in in certain cases. And then you just have like certain manufacturing agreements where you can kind of hold them accountable to, you know, the processes of handling like defect issues. Maybe touch on some of those examples that you've experienced, Chris. - Yeah, so I mean, again, a manufacturing agreement, you can cover a lot of ground with a well-written manufacturing agreement. You can go into stipulations regarding like quality control and effect rates, charge back policies for defects, on time shipping, record, things just like the general terms of the agreement, what their, the products that are going to be manufactured, like what that includes. It's good to make sure that your product that is produced is always aligning with your specifications. 
[00:42:02] And by stipulating this in your manufacturing agreement, you're making sure that you've got that kind of, you know, written commitment from your supplier that, you know, to agree to uphold those specs. Another thing you can do with a manufacturing agreement is you can try to establish review periods with your manufacturer for cost reduction endeavors. You can set requirements for a certain percentage, cost reductions at volume rates, right? So it's like, hey, at what volumes could I begin to get discounts? You can also set pathways towards payment terms as well using a manufacturing agreement. So there's a lot of ground that can be covered with the manufacturing agreement. What I would say is it's important number one to be thorough in it. And it's also extremely important that, you know, it's, it's, there's, depending on how you're approaching and engaging with a manufacturer, I think if you remember earlier in this discussion, we were talking about identifying the different supplier types, right? So if you're getting some sort of agreement in place, but you're not working with a manufacturer, if you're not working with, like, say, a sourcing company, it might be a lot more challenging to have a manufacturing agreement in place, even really impossible if you're working with, say, like a dropshipping company or a trading company that doesn't have the power to enforce with their manufacturers necessarily. So it's just, it is really important to make sure that you're mindful about the communication flow and who your agreement is actually with. Yeah. And then lastly, like, the insurance, you know, it's wild that like a lot, a lot of brands 
[00:44:02] don't have like general and product liability insurance, but it's needed. You just never know if you're gonna have a problem, especially like if you're dealing with topicals or you're dealing with like certain gadgets and like they blow up. I mean, CJ and I are in the faith industry. So, you know, we, we, we totally know about batteries blowing up. But, you know, there's ways of going about getting product liability insurance to kind of keep the costs down. That way, like, for example, like making sure the claims you're making on your packaging are fully compliant, that'll, that'll, I mean, that actually will help get you accepted for, you know, a carrier to grant you the product liability insurance. But then like, also as you scale, like it's, there's more risk that comes with, with the growth when you're, when you're doing thousands of orders a day. You know, just the last thing you wanna run into is a problem and you can't like make a claim to like recover some of, to recover some of the, the funds that you could be losing. So, I do think looking into that and just working with the right insurance broker so that you can, you can get insurance just gives you peace of mind. But that's like just definitely another way that you could be like protecting yourself as well. So we go, we dive a bit deeper into QC and another module, but I think we could just do like really a quick run through on just in depth to QC from start to finish. See Joe, I'll let you take the floor on that one. - Yeah, so you're gonna wanna set up quality standards with the factory that you're working with. That means that they understand the exact specifications. They know what your expectations of the final product are. You've communicated with them what the end user, you know, expects the function to be 
[00:46:00] and like how the product is actually going to be used so that they know how to test it and kind of put it through the ringer before anything gets shipped. You're gonna wanna create different checklists and then you're also gonna probably most importantly make sure that they send you a golden sample that meets all of the criteria and expectations that you have so that you can reference that as a standard anytime anything goes wrong and is different from that sample. Managing QC across every phase of the order, that means that you have OQC, which is outgoing QC set up at the subbenders that is in line with what the IQC is going to be at the factory so that everyone is checking the same thing as it's going out to them and then as it's going into the factory so that only acceptable parts are being brought in for the final production. Then you're gonna wanna make sure that they are following the standards that you've set with them during the production process, which means that they have the spec sheets on the production line. They have trained operators that understand the spec sheets and then you're probably gonna wanna go and do spot checks or at least get photos and videos of that process along the way. And then for pre-shipment and final inspection, what that really means is they're showing you what a final package product looks like, they're doing random polls from a finished batch to make sure that nothing happened along the production line that kind of slipped through the cracks and things like that. And then only once that happens, should they be able to ship. Tying QC to factory accountability, like Chris mentioned earlier, if you have a really nice manufacturing agreement with the factory, then you can go ahead and list different stipulations as to what happens if certain defects come into play, who's responsible, and then what does that liability actually mean? Are they just gonna give you free product? Is there some sort of credit that they're giving back to you and along with the free product to cover 
[00:48:01] for maybe some marketing expense or shipping expense or whatever you are able to actually get into the manufacturing agreement with them? And then you really wanna have a solid defect rate reduction system, which means that you're tracking defects and customer complaints to the best of your ability and as specific and granular as possible to be able to share with them so that everyone's on the same page about how to immediately go and analyze what the root cause of it is and prevent that issue from happening in the future. - Cool, cool, cool, all right, great. Yeah, and like we have a module on the QC stuff and I think that'll be like really helpful for everyone. So cool, forecasting and order planning. So I think Chris, why don't you kinda just like walk us through this slide, since I'd say, just I've known for so long and like joining us and helping us with this area, you just have a lot of room depth experience with there. - Yeah, sure, so when we're talking about like taking control of your supply chain, one of the most basic areas to think about is forecasting and order planning. It's so essential because at the end of the day with the business, what you're trying to match up is supply versus your demand. But of course, when you're actually going through product development and manufacturing, there can always be challenges in getting your product from point A to point B to the hand of your customers, right? And so something that we help our clients out with and it's important that they keep in mind if they need to be forward looking in all of their planning 
[00:50:00] so that they can try to make optimizations across the board that can result in quicker lean times, going getting the product from the factory to their customers and also then optimizing their costs accordingly. They also need to be mindful about how much product they're bringing in to make sure that they're being mindful about their cash flow, right? So just to kind of run through some of these points, the first point here is in lean time optimization, what it's important to do is set definitions when you're looking at your planning process, how much time does it actually take from new order placement to get the product out the door and then into the hands of customers? So it's good to over time monitor and track your lean times so that you're able then to optimize it, whether it's through your shipping method or through adjustments in the way that you plan your materials with your supplier, right? The second line item here is fulfillment cost optimization. Depending on the scale of the business and the sales channels that are being sold in, it's really important to always be keeping an eye on what your fulfillment costs are. Oftentimes, if you have a heavy product, the fulfillment cost can be a considerable portion of your overall cogs. And so by having the appropriate shipping method and working with the right partners, you can really minimize the impact that the fulfillment costs can have on your product. Just to give an example of this, like let's say you have a product that weighs 10 pounds or something like that. I had a real life experience from my past few years of business where I was working with a product that was over 10 pounds to air freight that product from Asia to the US was around $30 a unit. 
[00:52:02] And then imagine air freighting that to a warehouse and then to ship domestically to a residential address could be another $20, especially if you're only shipping to one warehouse shipping node. And so it's important to make sure that you're allocating the right amount of product at the right times and that you're shipping to the right destination. That might be the type of product that you wanna ocean freight as well, right? So that you're minimizing what that overall impact could be. So there's a lot of planning that can have a profound effect on your P&L. So it's important to optimize on your fulfillment costs for product development. Product development is a time consuming process. And it's important, again, to set those definitions and be realistic, make sure that you're setting aside the realistic and appropriate amount of time. You know, we do get into some of, in a separate module here, we'll be getting into kind of like the calendar year, Q1 and Q2, what are some of the best steps to be taking to set yourself up for success throughout the year for product development? You wanna make sure you're allotting the appropriate time and kicking it off early to set yourself up for those Q3, Q4 product launches. The fourth line item here, sub vendor management material suppliers. Touchdown this a little bit a minute ago, but I possibly advance procuring some of your, or keeping inventory on some of your key critical lead time materials with your supplier. You might be able to severely cut down the amount of time it takes you to ready your product. So it's always important to think creatively about your forecast and about your planning because you might be able to take certain steps that can reduce your lead time 
[00:54:01] and reduce your overall risk and exposure. The last line item here is purchase order planning. So this is absolutely essential. In looking forward and setting your timeline for when you're going to be ordering, you can communicate with your manufacturer to help to trigger some of these other line items. For example, like the sub vendor management, if you've communicated with your manufacturer about what your order plan is, they might have good recommendations for you to cut down lead time. Like, oh, you know, your packaging is going to take about a little over a month for us to get in. So it would be ideal if you could order some packaging material in advance so that for our production run, we can hit the ground running or other, you know, same holds true for other key component trade. All of these different things are important to consider because it's going to help you to forecast your cash flow and risk. And it also helps to make sure that you're able to operate as efficiently as possible with your manufacturer. This is something that every brand owner should keep in mind. And it's something that we definitely profess as a company when we're working with these brands. - Right. - All right. We do have a module on this topic as well. So I just think we could keep this a little short. But yeah, I would say when it comes to payment term negotiations, like you do want to be, you do want to be creative and prepared for those discussions, you know, they're like, I think what I see a lot from brand owners is like, they're just thinking about net terms only, or, you know, they just have like this like number in mind. 
[00:56:00] And there's a lot more like nuance to it when you're working directly with the supplier as well. Like, you want to give him like your ultimate goal, but you also want to find out from them, okay, well, how can I achieve that ultimate goal? Maybe you're not going to get it on like your next order, but like you could try to get it out of your supplier, you know, what steps need to be taken for you to achieve it. And like, there's various different types of like payment term models that you can do with them. Like you could, you could do a pay as you ship model, which we go deeper into, you know, and that'll free up some cash flow. You could have rolling deposits so that they're always shortening your lead times, which will free up a lot of cash flow. You know, there's also just like trying to like, move the needle more with like getting the net term. So it's like, just because they agree to, you know, they, you could pay to, you could pay balances, you know, seven days after delivery, maybe the next order, you could say, well, could we stretch that to 10? And then the order after you stretch it to 14. And, you know, you're just continuing to push and push throughout the year. I just keep in mind that like factories don't know the e-commerce business model very well. They don't understand what customer acquisition costs are. They don't, they don't know. They don't understand why it's hard for you to grow when you're, you're tying up so much capital and inventory. So you do have to like educate them too on your business in order for them to come up with some solutions for you on how to get better payment terms. I think investing in relationships like it's huge. So visiting the factory, I mean, we build very strong relationships with any factory we work with on our clients behalf because we wanna make sure we're getting the preferential treatment for our clients so that like that we could try to like, you know, squeeze in like a faster lead time on a order that's urgent. We're able to, you know, move the needle on, 
[00:58:02] on getting better payment terms. And then, you know, just having a good relationship with them to speak more like freely with you about like how they could, you know, add benefits to your business. You know, that's why it's like really important to not just like have this like business communication relationship, but to go out there and visit them or like what we say to our clients come out and we'll, you know, build a relationship together with them. You know, so that, you know, the factory owner could also put a face to the brand. And then also just like focusing on sustainable growth, you know, it's not just like, you know, about like cash flow today, but like it really is like a critical tool for scaling your brand over time. You just, the more you're able to like, you know, educate the supplier on your business, the more you could understand their business and like how they go about launching new products as well. Maybe you could capitalize on an opportunity where you're now moving into a new hero skew. And because you've built a good relationship, they're willing to give you exclusivity on that product that they developed. And, you know, that allows you now to skip the entire product development process and just like take over a product that hasn't even come out into the market yet. So that's why like all these things, you know, do tie together. So yeah, I think, you know, I would say those are kind of like the three main points. And we do dive deeper on a, on another module. Do you guys have anything to touch on with this topic that I may have missed? - Well, I think we do do a nice deep dive on the separate module on payment term negotiations because there is a lot to it. But I think that we give some good recommendations for creative solutions there. - Cool, great. All right, so I think for this slide, I don't think a lot of people know about like 
[01:00:02] kind of what you got to do to build your own in-house supply chain team. CJ, why don't you kind of walk people through like a little bit about like the recruitment platform 'cause like, I mean, that's how we do our hiring. And then just like what are the difficulties building an in-house team and just some of like the, you know, cultural differences that go on as well. - Yeah, so the main recruitment platform in China is this boss of Japan, right? It's kind of like the Chinese version of Indeed, but just the way it's set up is the culture of hiring in China is a little bit different. The resumes come through a little bit funky. And what I mean by that is they're much more focused on just like what their professional ability is and not so much about what type of a person they are. You know, if you're reviewing a resume for an employee pretty much anywhere outside of China, you know, they're gonna tell you a little bit more about themselves, a little bit more about what their backgrounds are, what some of their accomplishments are, but in China it's just very like cut and dry, straight to the point was that this job for this long, here's what my duties were. So you kind of have to sift through that. And then when you're interviewing them, you know, it's really difficult. I guess this kind of goes anywhere, but in China it's really difficult to find someone that has like a solution oriented mind, is able to solve problems and it can just openly communicate, right? They're just like here to do their job and then kind of go home. And so when you're trying to build a team with the culture that really understands what you're trying to do in China, it's really difficult. You have to go through thousands of resumes to find the right person. And interviewing the process is pretty excruciating. You know, we have a team of three or four people 
[01:02:04] that do interviews. And you know, the way our interview process works is, you know, Greg's partner, Jerry, actually kind of takes the first crack at the interview. If he thinks it's a good fit, then our director of account management will do an interview. Once that happens, I'll go and do like a bilingual interview and where I pretend I don't speak Chinese and see how they communicate with me, just to kind of gauge how they would speak with a foreigner. And then we have them do like a test with the, you know, like one of our other colleagues just to kind of see if it's a cultural fit. And it's a very long process. And we've got it kind of dialed in. But even us, you know, like we struggle to find people sometimes. And so, you know, recruiting in China is very weird. There's also like different labor laws and things. So like you can ask other questions that might not certainly be okay. Somewhere else, for example, like we're going to get down to this bottom line here where the labor market with the cultural differences, like most of the trusted workforce is female between age and 24 and 30. We don't really need to get into the specifics of why that is, but you know, just generally, you know, women at that age range are going to be more trustworthy and not deal with like, you won't have to deal with so much like kickbacks and like trust issues and stuff that we'll touch on in a second. But like you can actually request that on a resume where like other countries that you can't really do that. And so there's like just a lot of nuances and things that if you haven't worked in China before and you don't have a lot of experience in China before that it's going to be even that much more difficult for you to build the team. Moving on to like currency payment issues, you know, in China, you're going to need to have an entity set up that can pay them a salary. You're going to need to have an employment contract set up with them that's legally binding in China, which means you have to understand Chinese employment law or you have to pay a Chinese lawyer and be able to navigate those conversations. 
[01:04:01] And then of course, there's trust issues with that, especially if you're trying to pay them like under the table or something, meaning you're not paying them, social security, you're not paying, you know, certain insurances and things that are needed because you don't have the proper, you know, foreign owned entity, which is the woofy, which we'll get into here in a second, set up in China, then, you know, they can come after you or they could just stop working one day or, you know, start working for one of your competitors or just work with for the factory and selling your product to other people and stuff and there's like nothing you can do about it. So with the woofy set up, which is the wholly owned foreign enterprise, you have to jump through a lot of hoops. It can take, you know, six months to a year to set up and even once it's set up, like as a foreign business owner in China, you don't have as many rights as a Chinese business owner does. And if you ever run into any issues with an employee where there's a dispute, you're never gonna win. And that's just how China is set up culturally. So, you know, you'd have to be like a green card holding foreigner in China with this set up. And then if you ever did need to go to court for whatever reason, trust me, you're not gonna win. And so there's all these different risks and things that go into setting up a Chinese company. And I guess the whole point is like building a supply chain team in China really just takes so much focus and bandwidth away from you to just grow your brand. So it's one of those situations where you kind of just need to do it yourself based on some of the stuff that we talked about earlier, just like betting a factory, doing due diligence, being here and being hands on as much as possible. And then, you know, maybe you get lucky along the way 
[01:06:00] and you meet someone that that's trustworthy and you can kind of start to build something. But yeah, building a supply chain team in China is very, very difficult. - Yeah, I think in like, you know, we have a pretty well established team in the Philippines. And like, I think there's a lot of content out there that does like teach you about like kind of the benefit packages. Like of course, like a lot of us are using like online jobs and that, you know, definitely there's more guidance there on just like understanding the system in the Philippines more and just like employing people like the right way. Unfortunately, like in China, like you just don't really have that type of platform, you know, where you are following all of the kind of the rules. And what happens over time is like, you know, if you do hire someone on the ground in China, like, you know, that could be like some of the frustrations that aren't being discussed about like certain benefits or security, whatever. And, you know, I think, you know, that's where it becomes a little bit of a black box. I also think too that something to just be, something to be aware of is, you know, you could, you could find some people on the ground like in the interim where like you could skip, you know, some of the steps of having like a perfect setup with someone in house. But like, if you start moving into new product categories, like for example, if you build a really good relationship with someone that was like your factory salesperson and you just coach them and bring them in house, they may not have experience in other industries. And if you want to move into another industry, there could be like a really big learning curve with that. So, you know, you do want to have somebody that's got more of a diverse like background 
[01:08:01] in the products categories that they've been dealing with and something that we look at when we're hiring people. That's why we kind of want to see them have not like a couple years of experience in supply chain at least five to seven because the likelihood is that they've operated in several different industries and then they know different factory processes. So, you know, you just want to like really think about when you are bringing someone in house like that they're, that they really are like a well-versed supply chain person versus just like someone that's working on like one industry before. 'Cause like an e-com like what we see with a lot of brand owners that are building out a portfolio of brands like it's a portfolio of brands in a lot of different industries. So, yeah, you should just kind of like be thoughtful about that when you're bringing someone in. I think that then brings us to just the shipping and logistics part. You know, we will be coming out with a module on this but I'd say when it comes to shipping and logistics like if you're just doing fulfillment in China only, that like really simplifies things, right? 'Cause like once you order from the factory all it has to do is get to the fulfillment provider in China like you're kind of done but when you scale and start doing a hybrid fulfillment model where you're now starting to have inventory in the United States or Europe and then like your China fulfillment providers maybe handling shipping to like other country markets like global markets or they're just they're eventually just becoming a backup fulfillment provider like in case you run out of stuff in the U.S. and now you have to turn the China fulfillment on. You're adding like a new element to like the shipping part of your business like you are gonna need to have a like a like a freight company or a freight partner that is able to do like your bulk shipping. You're gonna have to remember that that is also part 
[01:10:01] of calculating your land that costs too. If you're dealing with heavier products, DDP may not be the right shipping method. So, you know, DDP is just delivery duties paid. It's more common to be utilizing a service like that when the products are lighter weight or you're just not shipping out full containers itself. But if it's heavier, you know now you need a shipping partner that is able to book containers for you and then you're gonna need a customs broker that can clear customs and schedule the delivery for you. And you could work with like a CH Robinson or a SAVA that or some other companies that just handle end to end for you. But if you're not moving enough container volume, you know, the pricing quotes that you get could be a bit expensive. So like what we like to do is we, you know, we work with boutique agencies that have excellent service where like we work with one party on the China side for scheduling the containers. But then we have like our own customs broker in the United States or our own personal broker in Europe that's able to kind of handle that part of it and the delivery. They're gonna have better on the ground relationships are handling the drainage, which is like the trucking that gets delivered to the 3PL. But you could also your 3PL locally could handle drainage from the port to bring it to them. And in some cases they have more favorable rates than like the customs broker. But yeah, you could see like these different parties that I just mentioned that now you're dealing with like a lot of, you know, different entities. But if you are, if you plan it out the right way, there's a lot of cost reduction that can come with it. So, you know, once you get into hybrid fulfillment, it does start to change like the nature of like your supply chain setup. It's not just some simple China fulfillment provider anymore. And then lastly, just like the Inco terms. And we do go into this in like our payment term negotiation strategies module. 
[01:12:00] But like, you know, I'd say the 3 to be aware of is like DDP. I think everyone knows that. That's just like that bulk delivery duties paid method. You're working with a separate provider that handles that service for you for FOB. That's like when you're getting quotes from a factory. Like if they give you FOB at the port, that means their full responsibility is to load the container at their factory, bring it to the port, handle the export clearance. And like there's a lot that you're now like, you know, shifting risk over to the factory, but you're also getting more favorable pricing because if you do X works, which means you're responsible for picking up the goods at the factory, the logistics company you're using to pick it up at the factory is not gonna be getting as good of a rate on the trucking as the factory can to the port. Or you might not be getting the same cost reduction in filing some of those export clearance documents that now the logistics company is responsible for. Whereas the factory, because they handle it time to time again, they get more like favorable rates there too. And again, that's like more of like a minimal change in price, but you know, just some things to be like mindful of. So I would say like those are the three in-co terms. There's other in-co terms, but those are the three that we see more commonly in China. I mean, more commonly in e-commerce. So, you know, just wanted to kind of touch on that. And like I said, we go, we dive a little bit deeper into another module on that one. I would, let me see, I think that, I think that wraps up the module on just how to take full control of your supply chain. So, you know, I guess it went a little bit longer than we expected, but as you get into more modules, we dive deeper on some other topics that I think will be really helpful for you. So, stay tuned for the next one. 