
[00:00:00] I'm Greg Leppkoff. I lived in China for about 10 years. It was pretty much just getting fluent in the language for the first half, and then got into sourcing, started my own e-commerce business in the electronic cigarette industry. And that was a bit more like SEO intensive. But I was able to scale it up to seven figures. And my second half of living in China, like I was basically working directly with factories, pretty much going to the factories I was working with, daily. I worked with about 20 factories, because it was more of a store brand. And I was getting to the point by like 2018 that I decided I wanted to do sourcing for e-commerce businesses. I just felt that I could provide a lot more value to e-commerce businesses versus just me being pigeonned in one industry. So I had my partner buy me out and started Canary Solutions in 2019 with one of my best friends from childhood, John McDougall, and also Jerry Chung. I started Canary Solutions with my best friend, John, from growing up, and Jerry Chung, who's one of my best friends in China. And that's how I kind of got here today. I got-- I mean, we've launched a ton of products, have helped a lot of eight figure brands scale their businesses. And we work in a lot of different industries, like I've been wanting to do. We consume electronics, skincare, supplements, pet products, stationary products, kids products, kind of you name it. We've touched it. We also work with a lot of traditional businesses, sourcing machinery, construction materials, also 
[00:02:01] just certain equipment for optimizing electricity and stuff. These modules that we're doing is going to be teaching you guys about all parts of sourcing and manufacturing. CJ, who's going to introduce himself as well, he brings a different element to the table. CJ is one of my closest friends from when I lived in China in the second half of my stay in Shenzhen. My name is CJ Christensen. Greg and I kind of have similar backgrounds. I spent the last 10 years in China, mostly developing consumer electronics for some bigger brands, and also like ancillary products, accessories, things like that. Spent the last 10 years in China, studying Chinese, understanding engineering, product design, manufacturing, just the ins and outs of what it takes to bring a product to market. So Greg and I have spent a lot of time putting these modules together to you, just kind of to bring our real life experience to a PowerPoint and to everyone watching. So thanks for taking a look. And let us know if you have any questions. Yes. And one more thing, CJ is our director of China Operations, because he's based in Shenzhen. All right, cool. So let's get started with module one. I think this is a good start for everybody, because module one, we're going to be talking about working with factories, trade companies, dropshipping agents, and sourcing companies. We've seen time and time again, a lot of people in e-commerce don't really know necessarily the difference of what they're working with. So I think in this module, I think we'll do a good job, just breaking it down for you all so that you kind of know what buckets you're in, or maybe you might want to reconsider the bucket you're currently in. So we're going to get the party started. Yeah, so for factories, we've bucketed 
[00:04:00] into two main factories that we're going to go over today. One of them is going to be raw material factories. So raw material factories are going to be the factories that are responsible for producing all of the individual components that go into actually making a product, right? If you're going to be injecting plastic or making bottles, if you're going to be using metal components, or batteries, or PCBs, things like that, the electronics, the actual individual components that need to get procured at the assembly factory, we're just going to classify those as raw material factories for this presentation. Moving on to the other category of factories we're going to talk about is going to be assembly factories. And so what assembly factories do is they assemble your product. They are going to get all of the raw materials, individual components from sub vendors. And they're going to perform the QC. They're going to do the final assembly. They're going to do the final packaging. And they're going to be the ones that you would work directly with most of the time to get a product assembled. Starting with the advantages, when you're working with the factory, you're going to be working with the direct source. And what that means is they're going to be the ones ultimately assembling the product. They're usually the ones with the engineers or designers and people that are going to be designing the product. They're very specialized in that niche or category of products that they manufacture. So you're going direct. You're going to get access to a lot of really valuable resources with going direct to the factory. They're going to usually have lower pricing than working with a trade company or a drop shipping agent. And they will probably have higher M.O.Qs. Their business is running a factory. So they need to make sure that the assembly line workers have stuff to do, the purchasing team, the QC team. They need to make sure that the lines are filled all the time. So they're going to be looking for the higher volume orders. You have a chance to collaborate with them on product creation and product customization. So as I said earlier, they have the engineering team. 
[00:06:02] They have the design team. They have all the resources you would need to go and customize a product with them or start doing a product creation with them. There's a few different size factories to keep in mind. We've categorized them into small, medium, and large. So there are some advantages to different size factories that we're going to talk about. So small factories are going to be a little bit more eager for the business. Usually they're in startup mode. They're just going to be getting started. And they're going to be looking for any type of business that they can get that's in their specialty. So small factories are great. If you're just getting started, if you want someone to give you extra special attention, but their resources might be a little bit limited. The engineers might be a little bit busy. You might have to wait a little bit longer for production times and things. So there's a bit of a give and take, and we'll go into that a little bit more in the disadvantages. Medium size factories, you're just going to get a little bit more resources. And then you're going to get a little bit better pricing, but still just a factory. And then for larger factories, you're going to get very extensive resources and a much higher capacity. If you need to develop a lot of products, if you need a lot of attention to what you've got going on, and you need a really high capacity because your scaling and your volume is going crazy, you're going to maybe want to look for a larger factory. So let's get into the disadvantages of working direct with the factory. Firstly, quality control can be a little bit difficult to manage on your own. Working with a factory, they're going to be setting their ways a little bit. They're going to have their own standard operating procedures for how they do production, how they do quality control. And if you have some special requirements for the quality or production of your product, then it might be a little bit difficult to communicate with that with them, and then to go in and change their ways and make sure that they're doing things that the way you want them to be done. So it just takes a lot of time. It takes a lot of time and a lot of setup on your own end 
[00:08:01] to be able to get quality control going at a factory. Factory is also only specialized in products that are in one vertical usually or one category. So that means if a factory makes cell phones, then they only really make cell phones. You're not going to find an electronics factory that's making like Bluetooth headsets and cell phones and cameras and all of these things. They're just assembly shops for the most part. And so if you want to do a range of products, then you're going to need to work with a range of factories. You can't really just find like a one-stop shop factory that can make everything that you're trying to do. Low volume ordering with a factory is also going to make you not as much of a priority. If your volume isn't very high, you're not driving a lot of business to the factory, then they might not really care so much about you as a customer or your orders. And so it can kind of get a little weird trying to grow with a factory if you're not bringing a lot of value to the table, depending on who the factory is. Working directly with factories also introduces a lot of communication challenges. A lot of factories aren't going to have robust English speakers. They might not have their sales team kind of built out. And so if you have any issues or you're trying to create something new and you need to go and communicate with them on a regular basis, it might be kind of a headache. A lot of stuff gets lost in translation, especially like with the medium and smaller size factories that don't really have their international team built out yet in order to go and do those things. Yeah. And especially if you're not in China, it's just like if you just think about the time difference. I mean, if you're in Europe, it's better because it's only six hours. But in the US, you're 12 hours difference if you're on the East Coast. So it's just tough because you're staying up at night. You're tired and you've got to have these conversations and they're not going to move at a super fast enough pace. So you're chipping away at it. Whereas if you're in China, at least, 
[00:10:00] you're kind of knocking it all out. But with the language barrier, I think that also comes into play. If the factory has really good English, OK, you're going to accomplish more at a time. But it's kind of where the communication challenges come in. It's part of why when I was doing e-comm, I was just based in China because it just made it so much easier when I'm dealing with new products that I need to get branded and stuff like that. Another disadvantage with working with factories is there's going to be less supply chain transparency. And what that means is earlier, we kind of talked about what a raw material factory is or what we're considering a raw material factory for the sake of this presentation. The factory is going to have their own purchasing department and purchasing processes where they're going to just go and purchase from whoever they see fit to get all of the component free to assemble your final product. And so oftentimes, you're not going to have access to them. You're not going to know who they are. And you're going to have zero control of the pricing coming from those factories. So not so much supply chain transparency. Then they only offer new products that are in the categories that they produce. So an example of that would be if you're doing an IPL hair removal device, that factory is going to be working on hair care devices, hair care electronic devices. And so they might make hair dryers, hair straighteners, curling irons, like IPL hair removal device, like anything you could think of in the hair care device niche. But if you're an IPL hair remover brand, you maybe aren't selling those types of things, like hair dryers or curling irons and stuff, you're about hair removal. Maybe you're selling other creams or shavers or other things of that nature. But that factory is probably going to start bombarding you with newer products that they're coming out with, the hair dryers. And it's just kind of stuff that you don't care about and it can kind of clutter the workspace and the mind space. That's it about factories. So now we've got trade companies. It's essentially just an office. An office of people, they're usually 
[00:12:01] in capital cities in China, because in the capital cities, it's where you're going to have more English speakers. You'll see a lot of trade companies that are in Shenzhen, which is kind of frustrating when you go on Alibaba, because you're dealing with a lot of clutter between factories and trade companies. You have a lot in Hangzhou. You have a lot in Zhengzhou and Hanan. You might see some in Shanghai, Beijing, Hong Kong. So that's usually cities that you're going to find a lot of trade companies in. They don't manufacture anything. They're straight up in office. And they're often going to partner with factories to help those factories develop sales channels for themselves, trade companies that could be on AliExpress, or trade companies that are working with drop shipping agents, a lot of drop shipping agents work with trade companies, because trade companies have the ability to get that inventory from factories of these generic brands that keep pumping out on what you see on AliExpress, or if you're linked up with one of these drop shipping agents that have a catalog or something like that. Trade companies, if you're trying to find one, you would commonly find them on Alibaba. So that's the trick with Alibaba, which will get into in a different module, what's tough about sifting through trade companies in actual factories. So yeah, that's the definition of what a trade company really is. They're like middlemen. Now, let's dive into the disadvantages. Yeah, so trade companies are going to offer more product variety for specific categories. They usually specialize in a certain category. For example, if you're looking into pet products, a trade company might offer pet supplements, pet toys, pet clothes, leashes, all these different things that they have to do with pets, they're going to be able to offer it to you. That's because they usually stick in certain groups of factories 
[00:14:01] or certain niches or certain sales channels that they've been able to develop. They figure out what works for them, and then they stick to it. And then they don't really branch out further than that, which is good if you're just trying to focus on a specific niche or category. You find a good trade company to work with, then you kind of get access to a little bit of everything. They can have better quality inspection services than factories in some cases, because they might have their own auditing process, where they go through and they figure out what factories are good to work with. They have their own quality standards that they go and set out with factories. So like if certain factories don't meet their standards and they won't work with them, they won't procure product from them, and then they won't offer those different products to you. So that's pretty cool about trade companies. They have less communication issues than working with factories, because trade companies are going to find people that only speak English or other languages for whatever markets they're trying to target. But trade companies are going to find people that are proficient in those languages, and then proficient in sales. Also, some factories prefer to only work with trade companies. They don't want to have to go and develop those types of teams of people that are speaking foreign languages. They can get expensive. And then if you're a factory owner that doesn't speak the language or doesn't understand the market, you really have no way to go and evaluate these people. So you're kind of just taking their word for it, like, hey, I speak English, but you have no idea as a factory owner. So trade companies are really built to focus on international trade. So they are a little bit easier to work with if you're buying lower volume. Many AliExpress vendors are actually trade companies. AliBaba vendors are actually trade companies. And what they'll do is they'll work out certain deals with factories where they can get lower MLQs, because they're maybe buying a ton of different SKUs, or they're able to sell it to several different customers. So your order might not be the only order of that SKU that they're working on. And so they can kind of get different order perks from factories 
[00:16:02] then you might be able to get on your own working director of the factory. So some disadvantages are because of all these services that they offer, their price is going to be more expensive than a factory, right? You are paying for the service. You are paying for their business to make a profit. And so they are buying from the same factories that you could potentially directly source from. But since they're doing all these services from you, it's going to cost a little bit more. They're incentivized to keep the price high, right? They're running their business and they want to make more money. So they're a little bit less transparent with their profit and they're more of a reseller. So they're going to figure out what the product is being manufactured for, what the out of factory price is, and then they're just going to add what they feel is reasonable on there, and then they're going to try to sell it to you. And you have no idea what the profit margin is going to be. So on many occasions, they pose as factories on Alibaba because they understand now that you might want to look for someone who has a factory so you can go direct, right? So if you're working on trying to find a factory on Alibaba, most of the time, you're probably going to run into a trade company. And they're going to tell you that they're a factory. You might even get invited to go to China and see the factory. And they will pick you up from the airport with a little sign with your name on it. And they will take you to the factory and they will make you 100% believe it's yours. Or it's theirs, especially if you don't speak Chinese and you don't know what's going on. It actually happened to one of our clients. When I was having the initial discussion with him, he was like, yeah, no, I went to China. I visited my factory. And then usually when we do the intake, we find out who they're working with. And as soon as I saw the name of the factory, because most of the names of factories, the beginning of the name is the city that it's in. And I'm like, I saw a factory at all. I know for sure it's not. I broke the news to him. And because he's like, oh, I went out to China and I was able to get my price down from $1.50 to $0.75. And I'm like, whoa, all my factories 
[00:18:01] don't really do that trade companies because they're making a big margin. And lo and behold, when we finally finished up his project, when everything came out in the end, he was like, oh, OK. Yep, makes a lot of sense, especially when you get certificates and stuff. But yeah, it's just something to be aware of. What CJ's saying, it's like they really will try to make you believe that it's their factory because they're picking you up. They got the name. But then you show up at the factory. You just always look at the entrance. And you'll see it's a different name than what you are looking at on Alibaba. Like time and time again, I'm very careful at looking at names of companies. When I'm looking at the name that I see on Alibaba, to the certificate that I'm looking at, to when I even go to the factory. And then you start piecing it together and you're like, wait a minute, no, it's not. They're merely making it seem like it is. And it's not that they're bad people or anything like that. Nothing to do with that. It's just the game. So if you call them out, you call them out. Yeah, for sure. And I mean, that goes right into our next point. These trade companies, they usually work in small groups of different suppliers or factories so that they can control the pricing. They can control the market a little bit. And they just kind of buddy up. They're in these business circles. And the factories need the trade companies to be able to develop their sales channels. And then the trade companies need the factories to get product to sell. And so like we said earlier, they do kind of specialize in certain niches. And they will buddy up with all the factories that they can find or that they can develop relationships with in that niche. And then they kind of have their own little conglomerate going on so that's something to watch out for. Because you can get kind of rused by getting an Alibaba supplier that's not a factory, just because they're friends with certain factories that make those products. Trade companies for product customization might take a little bit longer because there is that extra layer of communication. They do have to go back and forth with the factory, go back and forth with you, and try to figure out what's going on. 
[00:20:00] And then like Greg you were saying earlier with the time difference and stuff, it can take forever to try to get some product customization done with a trade company, especially if they don't have in house graphics and stuff. And they're just kind of relying on you and you're constantly playing this game of telephone. Even though they might have different quality standards in a factory might have alone or help you be able to kind of figure out quality standards, resolving actual QC issues might take a little bit longer. Because again, there's just that extra layer of communication. And there's the lack of transparency for where stuff is actually getting done so you don't know who to actually talk to about it. Many drop shipping agents source products from trade companies because it's just easier for them to go and find their one stop shop if they're trying to offer drop shipping products or services in a certain niche. And they find a trade company that has all of the hookups in that niche and they can just get a one stop shop like, hey, OK, I'll buy 1,000 of each of these things and then just throw them in their warehouse. Especially with some drop shipping agents, because the trade companies have the stock and the drop shipping agents may have a catalog for you to connect your store with, they're just able to buy low MLQs with the trade company and which is good for their cash flow. And then just make sure that you're at 50, 100. That's why we'll talk to some of the smaller e-comp companies and they're like, hey, you can get 50. And I'm like, well, as a sourcing company, we work directly with factories. There's no such thing as doing an MLQ like that. And they're used to that because the drop shipping agents are able to achieve these low MLQs just by buying it through trade companies because they're definitely not getting MLQs like that through factories unless factories have stock of a generic brand that the factory produces and has overstock of it. And that's why we'll get into it later. You experience these super short lead times and it creates this expectation that you can get products made in seven days. That's not really how it works. But of course, we'll get into that a little bit later. 
[00:22:00] Yeah. And so lastly, for the disadvantages, they're only going to suggest to you new products that are in their network of factories that we were just talking about. And that's because they're not going to go and look for new factories or new innovative products in the space. They just kind of keep tabs on what you're doing and then what their network is doing and just kind of offer that stuff to you. They're not going to be too proactive in looking for new offerings to give you if you're trying to find some new peripheral products, newer products to scale with or anything like that. All right. So now we're going to talk about drop shipping agents. This is like a term that is thrown around quite a bit. And it really-- I mean, it does-- a company like ours gets kind of thrown into the mix because it's kind of in that circle. But we're going to get into the kind of-- we'll definitely be getting into the differences in the next two parts of talking about drop shipping agents and sourcing companies. But for a drop shipping agent, I mean, that's basically a warehouse setup. Sometimes it's like an office because those are the people in the office maybe they're in purchasing where they're talking with all the customers. Drop shipping agents tend to have-- if you're on the larger side, you may have like 1,000 clients. If you're on the smaller side and you're more boutique, maybe you kind of have like 100 clients or something like that. They sometimes help source products or have products available on demand. Again, depends on which drop shipping agent you're working with. I know a lot of you guys are working with a lot of the bigger ones that are carrying stuff. They can partner with trade companies and factories to help with fulfillment and sales of their products. So if there's a factory that came out with their own brand and they really needed push, a drop shipping agent's like, all right, cool, I'm just going to keep getting from you. And the factory will just continue to overproduce so they could easily get inventory. The more likely scenario with getting the stock though is going to be getting it from the trade companies that are working with factories that are just 
[00:24:01] kind of getting that overproduced because trade companies are not just working with drop shipping agents. They're also just working directly with e-commerce businesses or distributors and able to get a bunch of volume produced. So that's what a drop shipping agent is. Going into the advantages and disadvantages-- so advantages first, so they can both source and fulfill products for e-commerce businesses. So it's all under one roof. That's a very good setup, especially when you're starting to-- AliExpress is more the beginner level, where you might find some good eggs on AliExpress. But most of what you're finding are more of the mom and pop agents, whereas the drop shipping agents we're really referring to are the bigger companies that are definitely working with the seven and eight figure brands. So by them sourcing and fulfilling, it just makes your life really easy. It's just easier. You don't have to really think about it. Because if you're a brand owner or even just have a drop shipping model, you need to focus on marketing, selling, and making money. The back end doesn't matter to you as much. That may change after all these modules, though. But they can also source products at lower M.O.Qs, which is really good for test selling. The drop shipping agents will try to find stuff at 50 M.O.Qs, 100 M.O.Qs. And that is going to be-- I mean, one, it's a smaller investment on the inventory side, and it just allows you to test whatever you want. They could source in many product categories. So that makes them a little bit better of an option than trade companies, because they're kind of just going to comb through-- if you're inquiring about something that they don't have access to, they're just going to comb through the platforms and start finding you the source that has the inventory. So they really could operate in any product category. You just have to tell them what you want. The product sourcing lead times can be faster when they are sourcing existing inventory 
[00:26:01] from trade companies. And that's what starts to give you guys this belief that things get done in seven days or less. Because essentially, they're going to the trade company, or even if it's a factory that over-producers. And they're like, hey, this is the order we need. Need to make sure you have it prepped. Factory does need a few days. Then they ship it. That may take a few days. Maybe it's the same day. Kind of depends on the situation. So you're getting lead times that are really fast, especially when it's off the shelf type of stuff. They can get you pricing for products very quickly. The reason why it's so quick in comparison to a sourcing company is they're just combing through the internet and collecting prices that are on the platforms. And then they're padding in whatever margin they want. They don't tell you what margin they're making. And that's how they're getting you the prices within 24 hours. For us, we have some scenarios where we can get it within a day. But that depends on the niche. But usually, if you're doing true due diligence, it's not that fast. But for people that are really trying to move quickly and launch products, this is a big advantage. They can provide more product pricing options than a trade company. That's because they're kind of looking at all options for you because they do want to make sure that what happens if you're looking at one option, you don't even like the design. Especially when it comes to gadgets. If you're in a specific area of gadgets, there's a bunch of models that are out in that category. So they do need to go to either a trade company that has all those models or they're going to some of the factories that have the over produced generic brands to get those models to show the customer. So providing a lot more product pricing options. The disadvantage. So one of the main disadvantages-- and this is really-- this split separates really a sourcing company that just does sourcing and a drop shipping agent. The ultimate goal for a drop shipping agent 
[00:28:02] is to source products quickly so that they can ship. Drop shipping agent, the keyword here is shipping. That's what they specialize in. And it's not a bad thing, by the way, that I'm saying. Because it depends on your model. It's just what it's about for them is if I get it really fast, then I'm going to be able to ship, client could scale as much as they want, and then they're going to be using all the different shipping lines and making sure-- And I get to ship more. I get to ship more, exactly. And shipping is a volume game. They are working with a lot of different shipping lines. They got to figure out what are the most optimal shipping lines for you. There's different prices everywhere. So just thinking about the shipping component of their business, that's actually the area that they do need to pay the most attention to. Because if they are suggesting certain shipping lines that are too expensive for you, maybe you're going to jump ship. So that's really where they're focused on with being efficient. So what happens is by trying to source too quickly is you're sacrificing in quality. Because they're not really doing due diligence on the factories. They're not product specialists. Next is they may not be sourcing directly from factories. And they're sourcing from trade companies instead, which means now you have two layers of pricing. You have that layer where the trade companies make in their margin. And they don't make a small margin. And then the margin at the drop shipping agent wants to make. And you have to think about that too. It's not going to be a very small margin either. Because they need to make money for the time they're spending to do sourcing for you. So that goes into the transparency aspect. There's no transparency on pricing when a drop shipping agent is sourcing for you. They're just going to pad the margins into the product. And of course, they're shipping price because they need to clearly make money on their shipping. And that's really the primary area of their business. They do stay away from doing customization for brands and customization, what I mean by that 
[00:30:00] is when you're really customizing a product where you need injection molds or you're trying to level up the quality of a gadget or if you're trying to make tweaks to a formula, if you're doing skincare, they stay away more from that. But of course, you do have your drop shipping agents that are going to do white labeling for you, which just means putting your brand on the packaging, maybe slapping your brand, your logo on the product. Or maybe changing the color of the product. That's the kind of the level of customization that they're willing to do because that is an easy ask. They don't always work with compliant factories either. Because that goes back to what I was saying just now about the due diligence aspect. If you're dealing with a medical device and a lot of that's in beauty tech, you need to have FDA certificates. You need to have like 510K. And the ones that have those certificates that are factories, they take time to manufacture stuff. They have to have certain procedures to be compliant to have those certificates. So sometimes they'll be working with factories or trade companies where they don't have the certificates and it doesn't like they're just trying to get stuff for you. So the compliance issue, we do see a lot with drop shipping agents. Trademarks or patents can be messy just due to the lack of due diligence in their sourcing process. I think you deal with a lot of that from your previous experience. The lack of due diligence there is like they might be buying a fake product or something. They just don't know or care to even go look at who owns the trademark or who's selling the brand sometimes. It could even be a foreign brand or something, like an American brand or European brand, something like that. That's being mass produced in China by a ton of different factories. And they're seeing that it's hot selling. They just get a bunch and they offer it to you. And then you have no idea that you're selling something that someone else owns a trademark or patent on. And so there's a liability there. Yeah. And factories themselves, they do pay attention. 
[00:32:02] I mean, at least the quality factories, they do pay attention to it because they don't want to have any trouble. And also they don't want to have trouble with you. At least that's definitely the good eggs for sure. Some of them have legal teams to check on things. There's limited purchase planning knowledge as well. They are-- they're not going to-- they're going to see a lot of movement and just say, hey, you're moving a lot and we're noticing that you're running out. But it's still kind of falling on you what you need to order. They're not really getting sophisticated on what your lead times are and matching it up with your sales. They're not paying attention maybe to your marketing campaigns and that you're going to be growing one and a half extra 2x very soon. So that's also like a disadvantage. They're not product professionals either. They're just-- they're shipping professionals, right? That's why I drop shipping agent, right? So they certainly could help you on product. Maybe if you give them really good guidance, they could certainly help you. I'm not saying they're not like they're incompetent or anything like that. But their specialty in servicing you is on the shipping side to keep your prices as optimal as possible. They're not going to pass down negotiated prices. Maybe a little bit as you scale. If you're being clear about what you're purchasing through them, maybe it does come down a little bit. But you don't know every time they're ordering what kind of deals they're getting, especially if you're dropshipping a generic product and you're scaling that, you're not even caring about being a brand owner. You have no idea what kind of how little they'll be getting because they're buying for maybe 100 people. Correct. So there is a big opportunity for dropshipping agents to make a solid margin on these generic brands that you're scaling. They also like-- they typically like sourcing for companies in general, like sourcing for you guys because then they could just have full control over you. And that becomes a problem as you're getting into that eight figure level 
[00:34:00] because they may start trying to front you inventory and stuff. And the whole purpose of them really trying to do the sourcing is so that you don't leave them. Because if you're just doing shipping from them, it's a little bit easy now for you to just jump ship if you ever need to. So it's cool if they're giving you great terms because it does give you a lot more cash flow to spend on meta because we know that that's one of your biggest costs. I don't just do marketing costs in general. So that's what they're really trying to do by them sourcing for you. You have companies like e-commops, for example, they're a preferred vendor. They're just focusing on the fulfillment aspect because they know that shipping is what they need to be specialized, to be efficient, to have very good pricing, to be competitive, to really offer a better level of consulting on your shipping situation. Whereas if you're dealing with another company that's sourcing and shipping for you, they're now kind of focusing on two different things. So the consulting time is going to now be spread out more. So that's kind of what another disadvantage would be too of them controlling your whole supply chain. I'm going to get into sourcing companies now. Again, I started a sourcing company. I'm going to be as unbiased as possible. I think I'm going to have CJ explain it since he could be even more unbiased since he came to us from working on a really big brand. And he understands working with sourcing companies quite well. So I'll let you take the stage unlike defining it and giving the advantages and disadvantages. Sure. So starting with just defining is what a sourcing company is. They're going to operate with a research team in a broad network of factories, meaning that they're not pinned down to one category. They're not pinned down to one sales channel. They're just going to work with whoever they need to work 
[00:36:00] with to get the job done. They can help develop products and services for your company, meaning they can help you with some product development. They can help you with some QC services. They can help you with some PO planning and cash flow tracking type of services as well, depending on the setup. And they can also help you set up manufacturing and shipping solutions. So if you need to get your own production line set up, if you need to get placed with some bulk shipping setups or some fulfillment from China, 3PL type setups, they can also kind of help you navigate those roads. Some advantages of working with a sourcing company. They're going to have stronger due diligence capabilities, product manufacturing resources. And they're going to specialize in a variety of different industries. So sourcing companies will often have a research team or a few people, like account managers, research people, that are going to specialize in certain categories. And so they're going to have their own little networks within the sourcing company that can go and reach a broad range of different factories. Maybe it's consumer electronics. And then they'll have a small consumer electronics team where it's two or three people that are dedicated to just researching those types of factories all the time and then helping their customers out with it. Their interests are going to be more aligned with you because they function as a representative of the brand. They are going to be the ones that are your boots on the ground in China. They're going to be the ones who are going to do a lot of the negotiating, a lot of the quality control checks. And they're responsible for helping you place your order with the factory. So your interests are totally aligned. They can help you save time because your interests are aligned and they can help you get a transparent look at the entire process. They can help you problem solve if you run into anything along the way, whether it's lead time issues, pricing issues, quality issues. They're going to be there for you to help you solve 
[00:38:00] any of those problems. They have the ability to negotiate pricing and payment terms on behalf of the brand. And in most cases, they're going to want to pass those terms down to you just because your interests are aligned and they want to keep you in the ecosystem. They have better quality control because they can actually go and visit the factory on behalf of the clients. Like I said, they're your boots on the ground. So if you need to go and do a check for something, if you're not going to be placing an order because you have defects or something, they're going to want to go and solve that problem because that means less business for them. So they're going to want to go-- they're more incentivized to go and solve these problems for you, right? They may be able to offer better payment terms than working with a factory because if you are an established brand and you've been placing a lot of orders with a sourcing company, they might have access to different cash flow and things that they can go ahead and pass certain benefits down to you with. So let's say the factory is only giving you 30, 70 terms, 30% deposit, 70% upon completion. But you want to kind of break that up a little bit of sourcing company. You might be able to kind of help you foot the bill in some scenarios. They have the capability to help brands find new products that solve defects or return problems from older products that they sell or that they're seeing competitors have. So because of their robust research capabilities for manufacturing, if you come to them with a problem, say you have a skincare formula that maybe doesn't have the best shelf life or it doesn't have the greatest scent or textures or something because you've been drop shipping it. And it's just like you have no idea where it's coming from. And you go to them and you say, hey, I'm having these issues. I need some help figuring it out. Then they can go and reach out to their network of factories, get you a ton of different samples, and then kind of help you figure out how to move on with that type of product and solve these issues. They can help you develop a product portfolio. Anything that you want to make with ancillary products, different accessories and certain things, 
[00:40:00] you want to do different bundles, different packaging and stuff, they're going to be able to help you do the full line of customization, the full line of products that you're trying to develop. Let's get into some of the disadvantages. So the number one disadvantage is if you are over relying on your sourcing agent because they control all the communication with the supplier, then you might let some details and things kind of start to fall through the cracks. You might think that they have a very, very good understanding of what you do because of how robust the research part of it is. But if you have some defects or some feedback or even it's just your own ideas that you haven't communicated properly with them because you feel like they're just going to get it, then sometimes they're not going to get it and that's going to create some issues. So you're going to want to make sure that you stay on top of the communication and then set up a constant flow of feedback to them. Another one is it's a big change from working from a drop shipping model or working with a trading company where you're just like, all right, cool, you're just catalogs of stuff, like, here's what I want, let's go. Because you're going to have to do a little bit more work but it can be worth it in the long run. So you just kind of have to weigh out is managing this group of people in China that are going to be my boots on the ground to help me find certain products. Is it going to be worth it for you? Are you at that point in your business, right? Working with a bad sourcing company can be the same as working with a trade company. Greg, why don't you talk about that a little bit? [LAUGHTER] Yeah. So, yeah, I've worked with some sourcing companies. I think what's a little bit tricky is for some of the bad sourcing companies, they're going to say their rates are like 5%. And just do the math on a rate like 5%. You're ordering $20,000 worth of stuff and they're saying 5%. Just think about the time it takes to verify all the details with you, do all the branding for you via the factory, 
[00:42:02] oversee the production and stuff. And then what you're paying them in the end, it's a little suspect if you take a step back and think about it as their business model. So what you tend to see is a lot of padding from those that are offering these really low rates. When you see, oh, it's 5%, you're like, cool. It's like a credit card transaction fee. But what you're not really knowing is they have relationships with factories that are also able to pay in their local currency. So time and time again, because we've been compared with other sourcing companies that do that rate. And they're coming in anywhere from 5% to maybe 15% higher than us sometimes. And again, it's not like all the time. I don't want to be totally biased here and shoot down other sourcing companies. There's good eggs out there. But that's kind of like the trickiness with it all. I think you just kind of got to really take a look at how much time they're spending and why is that rate so low? You know, kind of do the math and what they're earning to how much time they're spending. And then just start to try to make sense of it all. You kind of want to step back and think about it with your own business, right? If you were only making a 5% margin, would you be able to survive? Right? And so you got to kind of use some common sense and look at what they're charging you to understand what too good to be true pricing is. Yeah. Because remember, when they're charging you, when they're charging you that, like that's their, that would be their gross margin if it was like that low, right? And like you have operational costs, just like how you guys do too. Like we know your gross margins are going to be like super high, but then with all the money you're spending on meta, your operations and stuff, your net margins are where it is for a lot of businesses, right? So, you know, that's really what you, you should really pay attention to when you're working with the sourcing company. Now, if you're working with a mom and pop sourcing agent, you do have, you do have some good ones that are one man shows. I mean, what's difficult about those, maybe they are charging a very competitive rate. If they end up getting too many clients, they're just not going to have the bandwidth to help you. So like same thing with these like 5% companies, like think about it, if they're working with like a thousand, 
[00:44:01] maybe not a thousand because that's more shipping, but like if they're working like 500 clients, like that's a lot to manage to deal with various factories per client. You know, that means like they have to have a huge account management team. So like definitely try to take a step back to visualize like what you're getting into. They may have a poor understanding, like source companies in general, may have a poor understanding of your brand and the types of products you're trying to offer. Like, you know, for us, we target e-com businesses and like day in day out, like we're talking about e-com. So, you know, I also used to do e-com, the brands that CJ worked for, had an e-com segment and did very well. So we know the language and stuff, so like we have to teach that to our account management team, so they get it a little bit more. But if you have just generic sourcing companies, or maybe you have some sourcing companies that do just happen to work with a lot of e-com brands, they may not be thinking about the upsells, the bundles, and then having to maybe like, you know, suggest certain bundle packaging or even just do product suggestions very well. So, you know, that's like also the difference. And if it's a Chinese sourcing company, like they don't really know your target market as well, like for us, like we're working with people that are targeting Europe, they're targeting US, and you know, we have a lot of friends in these countries, so like we do kind of like know the markets as well. So that's just like another thing to be aware of. So that's really kind of all on like the disadvantages. Lastly, which one should you use, right? You know, it's like there's a place for all of these companies. So it's not like, you know, like I just want to be clear, like trade companies aren't bad. Like I've worked to trade companies when I had my e-commerce business. Like especially like there's some industries that you can't avoid it, like in the kitchenware space, in the pet niche, like if you're doing a lot of dog toys, you're probably working with a trade company most of the time because like that 's just like a wide selection of products that they have to offer and factories aren't producing all that stuff. So again, like it really depends. It depends how much time you want to be spending as well. 
[00:46:01] Do you want to be spending a lot of time, you know, working with the factory every day? Or do you want this to be like so buttoned up and simple that you want to be working with a drop shipping agent? That just does it all for you on the back end, makes it easy. You're talking to one person, they'll deal with all the vendors, you know, or do you want to just have a little bit of hands-on control of your product and work with a sourcing company? You know, you just need to have your fulfillment company that's going to take the inventory. It's not a complicated process by any stretch. And now you're just getting more involved in like understanding your product, making sure, you know, that sourcing company is finding other new products for you to be doing an up sell with or if you're in skincare supplements, having a full routine that you're going to be doing a subscription model with. So, you know, that's kind of where it is on the sourcing company. So again, hands-on where you're at in your business. I think it really depends, you know, what your needs are. I think it's also about your comfortability. And like that's really what's best for you. So there isn't like one great solution, right? So that's it for Module 1. The, you know, I know this was a long one, but the second one will also be long . We're going to be talking about how to make custom products in China, which will be really helpful for you all. So stay tuned. We're going to do the next one. 