
[00:00:00] We're going to do module two. This is going to be like-- this is a cool module, I think, for you guys, because we're going to dive into how to create custom products in China. I think, like, from this module, you're going to just be able to learn what just the step-by-step processes of everything. And it's great because CJ has developed a lot of custom products from the previous company he was at. So he's going to really be able to help you break it down. And then I'll be able to for another category example. So just identifying which products you can produce, we're going to go into consumer electronics. CJ is going to just crush it, explanation for you, and just what that really looks like. I think him and I will probably tag team the supplements and skincare. As we all know, this is one of the fastest growing areas in e-com right now. And then after we're kind of just going to go over just identifying issues, like going over just some common problems that you experience when you're creating custom products. And then just a general investment and timeline of doing custom products. And I think this will just really forgot for you guys that are scaling right now and want to level up your product and be unique in the market. I think this is going to be really valuable for you. So without further ado, I'm going to have CJ take the lead on this one for creating consumer electronics step by step. So show them how it works. All right, so if you're going to create a custom consumer electronic product, the first thing you're going to want to do is identify your product concept. That means what kind of product are you going to do? You don't want to make an outline about the product. What product is it? What is it going to do? What are some of the features? How is it going to be designed? And then you're going to want to sketch it out. 
[00:02:01] The sketch is going to be one of the most important parts of this, because as you're sketching it out, you're going to be able to solve some of the problems that you might not have thought about until you put the pen to the paper and really start to figure out some of the details and things. You're going to run into certain obstacles and things. And so you're going to really have to think through it in terms of features and designs and how you're going to achieve what you're trying to achieve. After you get the product concept and outline together, the next step-- there's actually two steps you're going to want to do simultaneously here. And it's going to start with an industrial design. So you've got your sketch and your outline and your features and designs all pinned down. So what the industrial design is going to be is the actual shape and form factor of the device. How is it going to look? How is it going to be shaped? How is it going to fit in the hand? Those types of things. So to get started on the industrial design, you're going to want to find a designer if you're not capable of doing the design yourself, which can be a little bit expensive. You might be able to use a factory to do it, which is kind of why you want to do the due diligence part, finding the factory scene was out there in tandem with this step. And then you can decide, hey, do I need to find someone third party to outsource this type of thing or do I want to just use a factory? Maybe you find a factory in your due diligence phase that has a bunch of products in that range that you think are great. And so you say, hey, maybe we just work on this, and we changed it a little bit, and you can work on it with their team of designers and engineers. I think also, too, if you go the factory route for them to be doing the industrial design for you, this is where you do need to be a little cautious, because you need to be probably working with a patent attorney or just speak to the factory upfront about it, because you do want to protect your IP. If that kind of goes unspoken and you're not talking about doing a design patent 
[00:04:00] or figuring that out, playing of attack with a lawyer, you could end up having a factory, do all the ID, create everything for you, and now they own your patent in China, so you can't switch factories if the relationship gets sour or something like that. So I just want to throw that in there. If you are creating custom product, just be aware that you probably should be consulting with an attorney when you're going through this. But yeah, that's just a side note I'll let you keep going. Yeah, and so that's going to be part of the due diligence assessment phase here, where you're just going to want to find a factory that's a good fit for you. You're going to want to find a factory that you can trust and work with-- this is regardless if you work with them on the design or not. You just want to make sure that it's a good fit. And we'll go over in a different module about how to specifically do due diligence on a factory and figure out if they're a good fit or not. But that's one of the things to consider when you're doing the due diligence phase. So after you've pinned down a factory and you've got your design figured out, you're going to start to be able to get estimated project costs. That's going to be how long the development phase is going to take and how much that's going to cost you. And then also a solid estimate on what the actual price per unit is going to be in the end. So after you've identified all of these pieces, you're going to want to go into more of the structural design aspect of the product. This is going to be getting your 3D files ready in the form of a CAD file, STP files, stuff like that. And what that means is the structural design differs in the industrial design where you're going to actually figure out where all the nuts and bolts are going to go, what pieces are going to need to be glued on, you're going to figure out what type of finishes and materials you're going to do. You're going to also start to figure out what your logo placement is going to be like, and then the branding on your product. How are you going to make it unique? How are you going to make it stylized to your brand and what you're trying to do? Once you get your files set, the next part 
[00:06:11] is going to be prototyping, which is making your samples. So there's a few different ways to go about prototyping. One of the more simple ways is going to be a 3D print. So a 3D print is going to be a lot faster and a lot cheaper than making other different types of prototypes. And that's because you can just use a 3D printer to kind of print out the shape and the form factor. And then that's going to allow you to kind of feel and hold the product and see if it's the right size, the right weight, if it feels right in the hand, like those types of things. Then once you kind of get that figured out, you might want to go into an actual CNC prototype. So a CNC prototype is going to actually be cutting plastics, cutting metals, maybe there's some textile or some silicone componentry to it as well. But that's going to be more closely representing the final product that you're trying to make. What a mass production unit is going to look like and you're actually going to be able to start doing some testing and stuff with that to make sure that you're actually able to achieve the function that you're trying to roll out with this product. So the sampling phase can take few cycles to get right. Once you create the sample, you're going to want to do some testing, you're going to want to create your checklist to make sure that it hits all the boxes for everything that you're trying to do with this product concept. So if you don't get it right the first time, don't get discouraged, a lot of times you're going to have to do some refinements and then go into second and third rounds of sampling. It's totally common. So once you finally have a sample that you're happy with, you've evaluated it for all of the different things that you're trying to consider. And you know that like, hey, OK, so this is going to check all my boxes. This is going to do everything that I want it to do. And the cost estimates are in line with what you're trying to do. Then you're going to start getting into the tooling aspect, which is one of the more complex areas of making a custom product. 
[00:08:00] So what tooling is is making the molds for the product. And so most of the componentry that you're going to be using is going to require a mold. What a mold is is something that allows you to mass produce the components. Maybe the mold is like one big steel casing that produces eight plastic parts that are identical at a time. Oftentimes you can actually get some ancillary products. If you're doing a plastic mold, you could do the casing and the internal frame of the product, maybe in one mold or something like that. So there's these huge steel things that are just molds. They're like big cookie cutters, if you will, to just kind of mass produce a product. You're going to want to evaluate the tooling costs. At this point, you're going to start to understand how many components are in the product, how many pieces you're going to need to get the job done. And you're going to start to figure out what the tooling costs are. And you're going to want to evaluate, like, hey, is this investment really something that's right for you? Because of the tooling, it takes a long time. It's quite a large investment. We're going to get into the cost of that here in the next slide or the next few slides. But at this point, it's like really your final go-no-go stage for if you're going to do this product or not. Once you get the sample, you're going to see the tooling costs. You're going to understand the price per unit costs. And this is like your final-- are you going to jump in this pool or not? Once you've gotten tooling together, you start opening the molds. Your product is locked at that point. There's not going to be any changes. And that's really what you're going to go to market with. So once the product is locked, then you can go and start figuring out what the packaging is going to look like. You're going to have the overall product design. You're going to know what size it is. And then you're going to be able to get die lines for the product. So once you have the die lines for the product, you're actually going to be able to start working on the packaging. So when you're doing the packaging, you're going to want to start figuring out, like, OK, how am I going to brand this product? How am I going to package it? What kind of packaging offering is that going to look like? 
[00:10:01] How am I going to ship it? How am I going to brand it? All of those different things. And since tooling is going to take you six weeks to eight weeks roughly, you're going to have plenty of time to go ahead and get your packaging designed. You're going to be able to run packaging samples. That way, by the time the tooling is finished and you have your finished product sampling, you're going to have packaging to go along with it. So that takes us right into the next step of your finished product sampling. So these come in the form of trial production runs. So what a trial production run is, once the tooling is done, you have the mass production quality units coming out from tooling. And at that point is when you're going to be able to evaluate it to make sure that everything is perfect, and you're going to start to be able to get your quality control SOPs in place. So how to get your quality control SOPs in place is you're going to want to figure out all of the different aspects that you want the factory to look at when they're performing QC on your product. From the incoming QC for what the raw materials are coming in and what they look like and how they're evaluating it to how it's being assembled to the final checks before it goes into packaging, as well as the QC for the packaging. Is the material thick enough? Is the printing good? Are the colors proper? All of these different things are going to be identified here in the finished product sampling phase. You can also take these finished product samples to go and do any certifications you might need. Like if you're going to do FDA certificates, CE rows, certificates, any of those certificates that you need depending on what market you're selling into, you're going to want to use the finished product sampling to go and do that. Because if you're not using a finished product, and there are some small changes after you go into mass production, then the certifications are going to become null and void. So you want to make sure that you're using the finished product samples to go and do that. And then this also gives you an opportunity to get your marketing samples done. So if you want to do some influencer seating, you want to start getting some UGC up, 
[00:12:00] this is an opportunity before you go into mass production to go ahead and get a set of units that you can go and start doing the marketing with. So after you've checked all the boxes off here, you've got your QC, SOP in place, you've got all the certificates you need, you've got your marketing samples, you've got your packaging figured out, your tooling is done. Now you're ready to go into mass production. So what that looks like is you're going to want to understand what the raw material procurement process is like. There's going to be your lead times for that. Each different material is going to have a different lead time, and there's a lot of different stuff to coordinate at this point. So you're going to want to start to forecast like, OK, what is your first order actually going to look like? How fast are you going to sell through it? When are you going to put your next order in? Because once you have the lead times for the product and you understand what the mass production phase is going to look like, you can start to really figure out what your order planning is going to look like based on your sales forecasts. So then the final step is going to be placing the order from mass production. Once you place the order, all the raw materials are going to start to get produced, and then they're going to start coming into the factory for final assemblies. So as the factory is receiving the parts for final assembly, they're going to be performing QC on the parts before they come in to make sure everything is coming in the right size, the right shape. It's going to be a good fitment. That's before they go into assembly. Then once they start assembling things, there's more QC going on. And then finally, you're going to just get into the packing and shipping aspect of it. After mass production, there is a quality control aspect of it where you're going to want to make sure that your quality standards are in place. You're going to want to develop an SOP with the factory if you're able to go and see the assembly line and see the actual production. That's going to help a lot because you're going to be able to identify some things that maybe you didn't think about, maybe the factory isn't thinking about. So it's really important to be able to go and do spot checks, whether you're on the ground yourself, or if you have someone to go and do those types of spot checks for you. That happens towards the end of the mass production phase. So these two steps happen in tandem as well. Now, after you're done with mass production, 
[00:14:01] after you've got your quality control in place, now you want to start trying to look at some cost reduction solutions so that you can go ahead and scale with this product that you just created. So what that looks like is a lot of optimizing. You're going to want to go and look at these lead times you got for your raw materials again. And understand, how many more do I need to buy to be able to get my price down? Maybe you need to buy certain things ahead of time to be able to get your lead time shorter. For example, with consumer electronics, oftentimes the longest lead time part is going to be the batteries. So maybe the battery's 45 days, but all the other plastic parts and electronic components take only 20 days. So it's over twice as long just to get your batteries in. And so you're going to want to figure out, OK, maybe I should be placing battery orders a little bit sooner than I'm placing orders for other components. And then you're going to want to go ahead and talk with the factory about it, like, OK, at what point am I going to start to see discounts if I go in place, larger volume orders for some of these components, right? And then line that up with your forecasting tube. And then go ahead and see if you can maybe put a deposit down for a little bit more of the materials. And then you can set up some batch delivery type of scenarios. And that really kind of optimizes the lead times with your forecasting. That just helps you scale, right? So as you're scaling, you just want to make sure that you are communicative with the factory about what you're doing to scale. We're not necessarily what you're doing to scale, but like how you're scaling. And then what your plans are to scale over the next months and year so that they can work with you on optimizing these cost reduction opportunity and then lead times. I know it's a lot of steps, but that's a basic flow chart on the step-by-step of how to create a custom consumer electronic product in China. Just to be clear, those are the steps if you are doing a consumer electronics product and it's totally unique. Fully custom. Yeah. Because I've spoken with companies and when they say custom to me, I'm thinking that. And it just turns out they just want to do custom packaging 
[00:16:01] or they just want to make it another color. Or maybe they want to customize an existing product where sometimes you do get into the fact that you just need to do something totally custom. Or sometimes what you're asking for just requires some product customization of something existing. That is a smaller investment. So what CJ just explained is really about doing a fully custom product. If you're just customizing something to the product, even if you were just adding a silicone grip to an existing product, that's a much smaller investment. So just want to kind of clarify that word custom because everyone has a different interpretation of that kind of like in the first module, everyone has a different interpretation of the companies we've described. So I just wanted to kind of clear that up. All right. So the next thing that we are going to discuss is creating a custom supplement or skincare formula, step by step. I'm putting both of them together because it is a very similar process. I'll probably use more on the skincare sample side of it just because you really do have different nuances than supplements. But the process is very, very similar. Actually in another module, my partner John, he's going to explain more about the step by step of manufacturing supplements in the United States. Because we also do that for brands too. So getting into it, when it comes to making a skincare formula, right, or even supplements, like the first question is, are you just trying to replicate a competing brand, like a straight replication? That's the first part of it. Or do you want to add additional ingredients? That's what most brand owners are doing because they do need to separate themselves from other brands. Or do you want to do something fully custom, right? 
[00:18:02] Where you're just like pulling different ingredients. It doesn't seem to be a pre-made formula for this. And you just want to do something that's fully custom. So it kind of depends which direction you want to go with that. I'd say most of the time, people are just trying to replicate a competing brand and just add additional ingredients. But if you want to go fully custom, there's two ways of going about it. You could hire a chemist to work with you. That will give you a bit more control and in-depth knowledge about the ingredients you want to put together to make a really good customized formula. You will have to take that to a factory though. And the factory may have to tweak that formula based on ingredients available. So there is some nuances to doing that. But it does give you more of that full control over the IP of your formula as well. So you could also, which most brands do, and it is really kind of where you should be starting to just move a lot faster. It's just work with a formula factory on customizing a formula. They already know what's selling. They already know they have their own internal labs and stuff. So they can just get right into testing, bust out samples within a couple of weeks if it's China. So it's pretty fast. And what's important, whether you're working with a chemist or you're working with a formula factory, you need to explain for custom or if you're adding additional ingredients to replicating a brand. What are the key ingredients that you're promoting? What are the angles that you're going for when you're marketing? Because if you're in the skincare or supplement space, at the end of the day, you're just selling a story. And I think we all know that. You guys are-- everyone in the ESS, you guys are awesome at marketing. So we need to know what those key ingredients are that you're trying to market. And then there are some people where it's like, hey, I don't want certain ingredients in there. 
[00:20:00] I want this to be as biodegradable as possible on the packaging side. Or I want this-- I want to make sure that there's no harmful ingredients in there or no chemicals. And it says natural as possible, that type of thing. So it's almost like what you want, what you don't want. And then that's a good foundation for getting to the next step with making the formula. Now, simultaneously-- and this definitely happens almost on anyone we work with-- it's like people think bottles is second, but bottles actually should be happening in tandem. Because bottle production, which is really funny when I say this in a sentence, but bottle production, that's kind of a bottleneck to your supply chain. So you do need to simultaneously figure out what type of bottle you're doing. So if you're doing label wrap on a just generic colored bottle, or if you're doing direct printing, which gives you a lot more options for increasing the perceived value of your bottle, then it's about the bottle material. Is it going to be plastic? Is it going to be glass? Is it going to be some kind of aluminum type of material? Then there's the bottle style. Is it going to be a jar? Is it going to be a tube? Is it going to be a pump? Is it going to be one of those lotion pumps? There's a lot of different bottle styles as well. And then, of course, you need to be-- that's why you've got to do this in tandem. You need to get the die lines on your bottles. You also need to get the die lines on the box packaging that the bottle goes into. And once you get those die lines, you're also quickly trying to do the packaging design, because you're going to have to do samples of your bottles, too. So you're going to want to-- you have a graphic designer now that has to do all that work for you. So once you have those die lines, now you're able to do all the artwork. And then you need to figure out what the printing finish is going to be of your box packaging design, because that's different. 
[00:22:00] You want to do embossed. You want to do spot UV. Do you want to do a hot foil stamp? You want to do matte finish. There's just a lot of different options on the box packaging design. You need that time, because if you're creating a custom formula or doing some kind of replication with additional ingredients, you're a brand owner if you're doing this stuff. So there's a lot of thought that goes into the branding aspect. So that's why you've got to be figuring out this whole formula with the bottle design and the box packaging design simultaneously. Next up are the formula variations. Now, I didn't get into the factory part of it too much, like with the formula suppliers. But when you're creating formula variations for your custom skincare formula, like if you want to launch this the fastest, you need to be getting samples from probably three to five factories. And then you want each of those factories to be giving you anywhere from two to five variations, because that's how you're going to be finding a winning formula. And you're also going to figure out who the best factory partner is, because when you get these samples, what you are measuring and testing is the scent, the texture, and effectiveness. That's how you rank the variations. That's how you're going to rank the suppliers. You just get yourself a spreadsheet, do all the rankings on these 15 to 20 products, which factory is falling under. Now you're going to go from five factories to two factories. And this gives you the best chance to get started the fastest. If you work with one factory, think about it. What if you don't like any of the samples? What if they're not very good with scent? They're good with texture, but they're not good with scent. Now it's going to smell chemically. And you're going to be like, oh my god, this factory sucks. Well, that's not how this all works. So it's more just about work with more of them. And then that's how you're really going to be able to get that winning formula. Now be aware there could be additional sampling. 
[00:24:00] You might have your winning formula from maybe two factories, and you want to improve the texture, or you want to improve the scent. Now if you have these two factories, if the price is similar, then they're still going to be in that additional sampling round. Maybe if the price is a y difference, which we'll get into the pricing stuff of it later. If it's a y difference, OK, cool. Maybe you're going to still try both, because you want the cheaper one to try to level up with the better one. Or for the better one, maybe you want to adjust the formula. Still try to keep the scent and texture so that the price can come down. Ingredients, whatever industry you're in. Let's say you're in hair growth, for example. BioTin is very expensive. And bioTin most of the time is getting imported, so into China. So when it comes to additional sampling rounds, like those are the things that you're thinking about when you're doing another round of sampling. Now we get to choosing the factory. You've narrowed it down to two. After sampling, two factories. Now what you're measuring is their process in communication, like how well has the experience been with them? Because they're going to be suggesting formulas to you when you're creating it with them. They're also going to just be explaining to you what adjustments to the formula you need to make. They're going to be receiving your feedback and needing to recreate samples for you. And you want to make sure that they're going fast with you because you don't want this to take forever. I notice, in e-commerce, you're kind of on the inpatient side because let's simplify this. We're all just trying to make money. We're trying to go, go, go, scale to the moon. That's what we're trying to do. So then the transparency. The more transparent a formula factory is, the better cooperation you're going to have. Because for them, they should be giving you the ingredient breakdowns. If they're not, there's a very good chance you ended up working with a trade company. Or it's just a factory that's not willing to be as collaborative as you'd like. 
[00:26:02] When we get pricing on skincare, we don't just send them one price. Because then you're not going to know how to lower it over time. You have various costs. You have your box packaging cost, which would go from a box packaging factory. You have your bottle cost, which goes from a bottle factory. You've got your formula cost, which would be broken into two. Your processing cost and your material cost. Processing is like the assembly of everything and getting it together. So you see all those costs when you're getting it from a formula factory. If the formula factory is doing your bottle sourcing, then they'll give you your bottle price. But they're putting a margin on that. Because they're not producing the bottle themselves. The same thing with a box. If you have the formula factory getting the box for you, they're adding a margin on the box. That's why for a company like us, we're working directly with the factories. And that's how we're able to stay competitive with formula factories, actually. We actually compete on price with the formula factories. Because on bottles, they will charge a margin. Because you're giving them more of the responsibility-- There's an operation expense in that for them, right? Yeah. Exactly. So that's just like the stuff to be thinking about. Then lastly, you've got your certificates. I mean, you should be doing this from the very beginning, making sure, like if you're in the US market, you need FDA certificates. If you're in Europe, you need GMPC. But then if you want to go a step further, especially for Europe, because we do work with brands that only target Europe, you need a microbiology test, a challenge test, a stability test, and a compatibility test. Compatibility meaning with the bottle and the formula. Because you don't want a chemical reaction of the formula going into the bottle. So now, those tests you don't get right away. It takes time, even after you've produced your order. But you just need to know from the factory that that's something that they do. If they don't provide those tests, I don't think they're really as legitimate, even if they have an FDA certificate. So you do want to make sure they're buttoned up, because when it's time for you to bring your brand to something like Amazon, or if you've scaled and you're doing eight figures, someone's asking for that stuff. 
[00:28:01] And you just want to be able to hand it to them, be like, cool, done. I'm doing my thing. Let me mark it in scale. And lastly, it's pricing. And pricing, of course, is how you're going to measure which factory to work with. I wouldn't necessarily get too hung up on pricing, unless it's just such a drastic difference. You can't really scale it as a front end product. But pricing is certainly something that you should look at. Now, we get into the manufacturing after you've selected your factory. So we'll get into the lead times and stuff after. I'll probably have you explain that aspect of it. But when you start your order, that deposit you're placing on your order is going to-- if you're working with a formula factory on everything, that's going to go towards raw material. So the ingredients that you need for your formula, if they're sourcing your bottles, that has to go to a bottle manufacturer. If they're sourcing your packaging, it has to go to the packaging manufacturer. If you're doing this with the sourcing company, the sourcing company is just doing one of each. So it's a little bit different. Now you're getting the ingredients sent over to the formula factory. And the formula factory is waiting for the bottles to arrive in bottles. If you're doing direct printing, we'll get into this later. But the bottles can take 30 days. And they need to wait for the bottles to come to do QC on the bottles, to then do the mixing. And then make sure they're filling. Because if there's a bottle problem, you're going to not be able to start mixing, because they need to get more bottles. Everything has been produced. The bottles, the boxes, ingredients are there with the formula. Now your formula is getting mixed and produced. Now you have your setup for final assembly at the formula factory. And you'll be making sure you get the production schedule and lead times of things, just so you kind of know what's going on at least initially. I think after you may not care as much, because you'll kind of just know what the process is. But you'll get the lead times. We'll also get into on the next slide, kind of like how to optimize some of those lead times. I always tell people over order bottles, but I have time people don't listen on that. But then they learn the lesson very quickly. 
[00:30:00] And then you just want to monitor the completion. When you're working with the factory, if you're not working with the sourcing company, 'cause like sourcing companies, we're sending you videos and pictures from the bottle factory, the box factory, the formula factory showing you the assembly. If you're doing it yourself and you're dealing with a formula factory, ask for that. Because you just need to know. And it might even be good for some of your marketing as well. Some of our clients request the imagery and videos so that they can use it for marketing. So that's kind of the process of monitoring it for completion. Then it's time to ship. You ship your stuff to your 3PL, you ship your stuff to a 3PL internationally, 'cause it's that you wanted it in your target market. And that's kind of how it goes on the ship inside. So let's get into the common problems with creating new products first. Then of course we'll close this with timeline costs. That way you have to listen to us more. So CJ, why don't you kind of get into just the common problems you see with creating new products? Yeah, sure. So it's a huge time investment, right? And so a huge time investment is going to cost a lot more than just time, right? You have to go through the design phase. You have to go through the sampling phase and then you have to go through the manufacturing phase. So it's not just like you're dropshipping a product or you're buying something readily available or like Greg was talking about earlier where if you're just making some small changes to an existing product, like adding a logo, changing a color or something, which can be done relatively quickly. Like there's a really long lead time and stuff to these different phases. So to save some time in the design phase, you're just going to want to be ready with all of the details that you need in order to avoid delays. That means you're going to want your design buttoned up. You're not going to want to do a bunch of changes back and forth, you know, because once you get the sample, if you want to make a bunch of changes because you weren't ready for your concept and then beginning, you know, that's going to add potentially months to your product launch time. And also, you know, sampling doesn't always go smoothly. Sometimes, you know, the CNC prototype you made has issues. 
[00:32:02] Sometimes your skin care formula can have issues. Like it gives you a rash or burns your skin or something. And sometimes supplements can give you a stomach ache. These are all just like, you know, broad, broad examples of things that can go wrong that would cause you to have to go through a sampling phase again. So just kind of try to keep an open mind as well while you're going through this like, hey, if you're really trying to innovate, you're trying to come up with something special and custom, like these are all different things that can happen. So with the huge time investment, you're also going to have a budget, right? Whether it's a time budget or a cash flow budget, you know, development cycles can go longer than expected and then you can go over the budget. Maybe the cost per unit is too expensive for what you're trying to do and then how you're going to try to scale it. Maybe the lead times are a little bit longer than you expected and you're just going over your budget and it doesn't make sense for you to continue with this project, right? So that's something to be mindful of and you also want to understand and communicate all of your expectations with the factory as you're going along to make sure that you can stay within budget. Another thing that can be a big problem is, you know, the branding and packaging. If you don't have that ready to go by the time your product is ready to go, then you're going to slow down the development. By the time your finished product is ready to go, if you don't have that final packaging done, like you were talking about with the skincare formula, like if your bottles and box packaging isn't done, then you're not shipping. Like they're not even going to fill it for you. If you have a consumer electronics product and like you have your order in but you don't have the packaging arrived, like guess what, it's not getting packed, it's not going to get shipped. And I know that like with e-commerce specifically, like branding is a lot, branding is everything. You want to make sure it's beautiful, you want to make sure it's portraying like the lifestyle that you're trying to market and all of these things. And so I know that like a lot of time can get spent on branding and going back and forth on like how you're going to do your logos, what different colors you're going to do and all that. 
[00:34:00] So it's really important to make sure that like you have a solid stopping point so that you know when the product is finished that your branding is going to be ready to go and that your packaging is going to be able to arrive. And then lastly, like once you finally go into production something that can go wrong is maybe your production units don't match the samples you approved. In order to mitigate this, you just really want to make sure you have a mutual understanding with your supplier of exactly what the QC standards are and exactly what the function is supposed to be. That way everyone's clear from the beginning and once the production happens, they know exactly what to look for. And then once they're looking for it, you know they can immediately tell you, hey, this is happening and they can kind of proactively go about a solution. So that's also why it's important for you to go and audit the production lines, right? Because they might not be thinking about it in the same lens that you are. And so it's important for you to go and actually check it out and make sure that they're looking at all the same things that you want them to be looking at. So, you know, really once you're in the mass production phase of something, it's really, really good idea to try and go and check out the factory and see what's going on with the assembly. - What you probably all kind of need to know about just the general cost and time to create a custom product. Take the stage on the consumer electronics side of it. - Yeah, sure. So to create a fully custom consumer electronics product, the cost could be between 50 to $100,000 before you even begin manufacturing. These costs come in the form of R&D costs, right? Like are you paying development fees for the engineer's time to do the design and do like whatever internal tests or whatever processes the factory have. You know, when you get into prototyping, you could be paying up to, and sometimes upwards of, $1,000 per prototype. And then if it doesn't come out properly, maybe you're doing several cycles of that. So there could be several thousand dollars right there just in doing samples. And then finally, the largest cost of this is gonna be the tooling, right? The tooling could be anywhere from, you know, 20 to 50 to $70,000, depending on how complex the product is. 
[00:36:01] So, you know, sometimes you can get lucky and you can get it done if it's a simple product and you're kind of moving quickly on things. Like it could be well under $50,000, but it's safe to expect like at least $50,000. So if you're wanting to do a consumer electronics product, like just make sure that's budgeted out. And also understand that it's not necessarily do all up front, right? These are all done in different phases. So like let's say you R&D it out, and then you get to the prototype phase, like something you could negotiate is like, "Hey, if I don't approve this prototype, "like I don't wanna pay you for the R&D costs "because we never really got it to that finish line." And then obviously you wouldn't be on hook for the tooling costs. So like don't let these numbers like scare you away from trying to do this because there are different phases to it and it is worth giving it a shot because, you know, a lot of this money isn't due until things are approved and actually moving. But if you actually do wanna go to manufacturing, these funds will be due. So let's talk a little bit more about what the product launch time looks like. It can be from nine to 12 months. And we're gonna go over like each of the different phases here and talk about like how that time actually works. So the design phases can take you from six to eight weeks. This is a very conservative estimate. Maybe you're really fast with your design and you know exactly what you're doing. It only takes you two weeks, right? So then you're now you're saving, you know, four to six weeks. After your design is locked in, you're gonna go into sampling. Sampling is almost always going to take two to six weeks. A lot of that has to do with the shipping times back and forth, right? So maybe the sample only takes two or three weeks to finish, but then it's a week to ship and then a week or two to test, which we kind of have the testing phase like looped in with this and like they both have ashes because if you're sampling something and then you're testing it and it doesn't work, you're gonna have to repeat that process over and over again, kind of like how you were talking about with the skincare thing, right? So there's some repeated steps in here. But if the sampling goes well, like I said, your design is fast, your sampling goes well, the first try, your testing is very quick. Like you, there's a lot of time shaving opportunity here 
[00:38:02] in this front end of doing a consumer electronics product. So again, these are all very conservative time estimates. Next, you get into tooling, right? After everything's approved, tested. You know you're gonna wanna move forward with it. You get into tooling. Tooling takes at least 30 days to finish the first rounds of the tooling and then you have the tooling modifications just to make sure that it's perfect and pristine every time. If you don't go through this, you're gonna have a lot of quality issues, you're gonna have a lot of defect rates in the manufacturing process and it's gonna drive overall cost up. So generally after the tooling is done after a month, you're gonna have at least two to four weeks after that of tweaking the tool, right? You're gonna wanna go in and fix the cavities, make sure everything's polished, make sure everything's coming out evenly, uniformly, and that it's able to get assembled, right? So this is an unavoidable portion of the time spend. Then you have raw material procurement, right? Which you can kind of do in tandem with tooling if you're trying to save some time. Like there are gonna be certain things like the batteries or the PCBs that don't necessarily require tooling so you can get some of those in a little bit earlier. But generally it takes four to six weeks to get the raw materials in. Then once they arrive, you get into the actual assembly or mass production portion of things, which can take two to six weeks, two weeks on the faster end, meaning that everything kind of arrived, everything was smooth, and the factory can kind of just go right into production with it. Six weeks is gonna be a little bit of a longer time and that's usually due to some congestion at the factory, right? If they're doing a lot of different projects and maybe your materials arrive and you're kind of in a queue for a couple weeks, waiting for an assembly line to open up to actually get your product into production. So two to six weeks is kind of a wide range but it's conservative. And then shipping of course is gonna be two to six weeks and then this depends on where you're shipping to. So if you're gonna be doing China fulfillment, maybe it's only a week to 10 days to get it there, maybe it's like within a week. 
[00:40:02] If you're gonna be doing bulk shipping to another country, that could take two to three weeks for air freight up to six weeks if you're doing sea freight. So that's kind of the timeline of getting a consumer electronics product done. - So for supplements and skincare, a little bit different, sampling and shipping tends to be just like hundreds of dollars really. You know, it doesn't cost a lot to do a custom skincare formula when you're working with a formula supplier in China. Now, if you're working with a premium manufacturer, so like we have clients that we are working with like skincare factories where their client is like Dior, Estee Lauder, Burt's Bees, number seven, you know, kind of you name it, right? So like those contract manufacturers, if you're having them do custom formulas and you're having to do a lot of variations, you'll get a bigger bill. Is it worth it? Of course, you know, if you're trying to like, if you're really taking this seriously and you're trying to exit, right? Like those factories pass the supply chain on it very easily. So, you know, you shouldn't get so, you know, concerned about like paying those sample costs. You don't have to, you could scale into that at a later time if you're really just trying to move fast because also these like bigger factories do take longer. So price per unit. It's really funny. Like a lot of people reach out to us on like supplement prices and skincare prices and like, it's almost like they expect like if they say like, y'all need collagen supplements, Greg, and I'm like, cool. They're like, yeah, what's the price? I'm like, well, what bottle are you doing? What box package are you doing? What are the ingredients? 'Cause are you trying to be a little bit unique? You know, and if they're just trying to get something generic, it's like, all right, cool. Well, you know, we'll look for factories that offer that. You know, so, and there's a wide, there's also just like a wide range, you know, like if you're doing something custom, there's definitely a wide range. Like I've seen moisturizer prices for like 50 or 100 ml. Like as low as like a dollar 50 to as high as $7. 
[00:42:00] And like when I got that $7 sample, I was like, oh my God, no one's ever buying that. Like why is that even a sample, right? And then I quickly realized when you work with these factories, you know, and you would think like when they say target price, like they're trying to figure it out from you on how they can make a really good margin. In this industry, that's not really how it works. They're asking you for a target price so that they're making formulas that are gonna be within your budget. And let's say you don't know. I mean, a lot of the, a lot of skincare brands we work with, like they're getting into skincare because they've done 7A figures. They're ready for doing like this, this industry. You just gotta like think about like, you know, what your customer acquisition costs are gonna be. And you guys can figure that out from test selling and stuff like that, you know. So, so, so it's really important that you do give a target price. There is a wide range. I've seen things as low as 75 cents. I've seen things as high as 7 or even $9 if you're using like some real premium ingredients. So there's a large range. Now, the supply or research process like to starting with your production can be as little as six weeks as long as three months. Okay. I know that's like a really kind of wide range. The fastest we've done is about like, it was between six and eight weeks. It was during a holiday period. So let's just call it eight weeks. But, you know, and this brand that we did it with, just so you know why it went so fast, is they just wanted us to do a straight replication of what they were currently selling. Right. They were working with this trade company that, you know, was buying from a factory. And we, you know, they just said to us what the negative customer feedback was. And we tweaked that formula with the formula suppliers, got everything sent to them. They got to choose between 20 products. Like, cool, found the winner. You know, let's get rock and rolling. Right. So that was to start at eight weeks. Okay. Now for three months, if you're going through additional sample rounds, and that's why I say to you, like if you try to work with like five factories, a lot of variations with each factory, 
[00:44:00] you're just giving yourself that chance to be that much closer to really starting within that six to eight week period. Okay. If you go through additional rounds, because you didn't choose as many suppliers, or none of those suppliers worked out, you're looking at starting in three months. Now getting into the production lead time of starting your order. So, bottles, if you're doing direct printing on the bottle, which means you are painting that bottle a nice color, you're doing a cool finish, you're really trying to level up the perceived value of that bottle. Looking at 25, 35 days. If you're just doing a generic bottle with a label wrap, that won't be, 'cause I'm a, I laugh every time, a bottle neck in your production, because like you kind of could work within the lead times of the formula getting, the ingredients of the formula getting sourced. So, that's kind of the situation with bottles. For box packaging, it's about 10, 15 days. So if you start your order on the bottle and formula simultaneously, and you're still trying to button up your box, that's fine, just make sure you kind of just get that kind of done within a week, so that you're not like delaying anything, so you do have a little bit of leeway on box packaging. Then there's the formula procurement and mixing, which is, the formula procurement is happening like simultaneously with bottles being produced. The mixing will be done usually after the bottles arrive because when the bottles arrive, the formula factor starts to test to make sure the bottles are going to be compatible. It's not going to be leak issues. There's not scratches on it. So a lot of the times they'll wait for the bottles to come to do mixing sometimes. If they trust you, the bottle supplier is, they know where it's coming from. They know what type of bottle is. They know that usually defactors are extremely small. They'll help you out with starting with the mixing process a little bit earlier. Now after the formula procurement and mixing is kind of underway, now you have your bottle filling and assembly, which could be anywhere from 10 to 15 days. Kind of like, it really depends on how far back you are 
[00:46:02] on the line of them just assembling for other brands. It kind of depends for, there's QC testing that they have to do for you. They're not just trying to mess around on that. And also just, yeah, just like making sure there's no mistakes with the box packaging either. And there's not like damaged corners and stuff like that. So usually on your first order, the total production time could be 40 to 50 days. I've achieved 30-ish on a first order. Again, good, just goes back to saying like how long that bottle production time is. And sometimes you're in a peak production period and bottles can take really long time. Also, sometimes on those volumes you're starting with too. So that is a general production time. The biggest thing, I need to really be clear with this because I wish my clients would like work with me here. You should just over order bottles. Like you really should because once, when your first order is done, I know what happens. You're gonna scale this thing. And then when you wanna order a second time, waiting that 40 to 50 days can be really annoying. So if you over order bottles, like double the amount or something like that, now you're talking about, so now for your second order, the lead times are gonna be significantly faster. When you over order your bottles, it's gonna save you time on your subsequent production run. And that's going to allow you to get within that like 25 day production cycle. And then, you know, 'cause e-com businesses, like usually the purchasing cycles, could be a month long, you know, like they're usually like every month, every six weeks, something like that. So over ordering bottles are important. Now, the other thing, and I kind of explained this before, is if you do label wrap bottles instead of direct printing, there are ways of, you know, increasing the perceived value on label wraps. I mean, our creative director, Adam, he helps our, you know, our more of the like early eight figure guys and up. 
[00:48:02] He's helping them on branding, right? So he's basically, if label wrap is important to you because you want the production lead times to be super fast, you know, he's going to kind of give you some like advice on how you could increase the perceived value. So like at least the label wrap looks really good. But the label wrap is going to allow you to achieve on your first order that 25 30 day lead time on your first order. So that's just kind of like a little piece of advice there. And that's really it. I know this was a long one. The subsequent ones won't be nearly as long. I think the first two modules were, you know, a bit more like on the complex side. But the, for the third, for the third module, that'll be a fun one. We're going to just be talking about how to reduce defect rates, improve product quality and increase profit margins. So that's what we're going to get into on the module number three. 