
[00:00:00] Alright, so now we're going to do module three. This should be a little bit shorter than the first two modules. Basically what we're going to be going over is how to reduce your defect rates, improve your product quality from those defect rates, and then just like increasing your profit margin as a result. Okay, I'm gonna have CJ kind of like go over the first half of it in the second half. I'm kind of using a use case from a client. I won't be specific about the product just to protect the confidentiality. As a sourcing company, it's not good for us to talk about what our clients do, but that use case should be really helpful for you guys and really breaking it down with the whole defect situation. So I'll have CJ go first on just going over the process. Alright, so there's a few steps to this. The process of how to reduce your defect rates, improve your quality, etc. So the first thing you're going to want to do is make sure that your customer service team is properly trained. Right, so that means that when your customer service team is talking to your customers and they're getting the feedback that they are identifying and tracking your defect rates. Okay, secondly, we're going to talk about suppliers with defective products and how you can recover some of the lost revenue. Then we're going to go over some examples that you can use now to improve your product quality. Then we're going to go over your biggest supply chain issues from stock outs to defect rates and just maintaining inventory flow. Your customer service team and how they can help you identify and track these defect rates. So what you're going to want to do is ensure that your team can troubleshoot properly. This is a huge first step because a lot of issues can be just user error, right? Maybe it's not a defect with the product. Maybe there's like a missing piece of education to how to use it. Maybe the expectations aren't clear. So a lot of this can be dealt with just 
[00:02:02] with proper troubleshooting and a good customer service process, right? So you want to make sure that your team is ready and patient to educate the end user. That means that the customer service team understands the product fully. They know exactly how to troubleshoot it and then they understand what the actual defects are. So that if a customer comes in with something that's maybe a user error, then they're not immediately going to refund the product or accept a turn, but that they're actually willing to go and educate and make sure that the end user knows how to use the product. Then lastly with the customer service team, you want to just make sure that they're only refunding and replacing products when it's necessary after they've already deemed that like it's a it's a real defect. So what you're going to want to do with the customer service team is narrow down the issues with your product into specific buckets, right? So some examples of that could be dead on arrival for like an electronics product or if it's not charging, maybe it's showing up with broken components or maybe it's just not functioning as expected, right? So these are all just like some broad buckets that you can go ahead and put these defect rates into after you've determined that it's not a user error, right? So you're going to want to focus on these real defects and not the user issues. Because the factories are not going to recognize user errors. They're going to want to educate you on how to properly educate the customer and then they're not going to be able to compensate you for anything that isn't actually deemed a manufacturer's defect. So you're going to want to learn how to educate the customer to give them the best experience with your product and then you're going to want to keep the reporting clean that you're sharing with the supplier so that you're not, you know, taking things up the chain that are actually user errors, right? You're going to want to make it nice and clean and specific to things that are actually deemed as manufacturers defect and you can work with your supplier on getting that figured out. The best way to do these reports is a weekly, monthly, and quarterly report. This will help you track defect rates as they're coming in. 
[00:04:00] This will help you track improvements and then it'll also help you track like new defects, right? So the report can be shared with the factory for insights and improvements. They're going to be able to take a look at it and let you know if you're troubleshooting properly or not. They're going to be able to help you identify new issues and new solutions. You're going to want to make sure that the data is specific and easy to read. You don't want to give them some like huge convoluted like Excel sheet with all this crazy information on it because that's not helpful for anyone. So you want to make sure that it's easy to read and it's easily digestible for the supplier when you're sharing it with them. And then you're going to want to use this report to go ahead and track the improvement progress. Again, on a weekly basis, monthly basis, and a quarterly basis, you're going to want to see those numbers going down over time as you're working with the supplier on these. So next, we're going to go into how you can recover some lost revenue due to defective products with your supplier. So what you're going to want to do is from the very beginning, you're going to want to negotiate a warranty policy with the manufacturer, and you're going to want to understand exactly what they do and do not cover as far as a warranty and what they do and do not consider a manufacturer defect. So once you once you get those kind of buckets identified with the supplier, you're going to want to work with them on making a report that they are going to be able to accept for warranty purposes. The last thing you want is like, you end up deeming something a defect on your own. You haven't gone through the due diligence with the factory to get their agreement on it. And then now you're sending over this report and then they're saying like, Oh, well, you need to send samples over for assessment or whatever, because now you're just wasting a lot of time. You don't want to have to deal with sending samples back and forth to try to prove your point to them. You just want to let them know like, Hey, this is what's happening. How do you want me to record this information so that you believe that this issue is actually occurring so that you can go ahead and compensate me for it? Then you're going to want to agree on fair terms for what manufacturers are going to cover monetarily for you, right? For example, are they going to give you the full price of your sale, including your shipping and including your cost of acquisition and your, whatever your marketing cost, operation of cost is, or are they just going to 
[00:06:00] give you a product replacement or something in between? So this is something you're going to want to negotiate upfront so that you're not just coming to them at the end of a quarter with like a huge list of stuff that's saying like, now you want all this money from them and like you're just kind of coming out of left field. It gives them a lot to think about and it can be a little bit overwhelming and it's going to not be good for your success rate of trying to get some some lost revenue recovered here. Another thing you can do with your factory is try to see if they will be willing to over ship quantities based on your QC issues. So what that means is, for example, if you are seeing a 5% defect rate, maybe on your next order, they're going to be able to over ship by 5% on what your actual order was. So that you can be ready to deal with that expected defect rate going on while they're trying to figure out a solution for you. Right. Another thing you can maybe do is double dip a little bit, right, where if you have that 5% defect rate, you get a 5% credit on your next order and they're going to over ship by 5%. So that's like a best case scenario. Obviously, the best case scenario actually would be like no defects, but if you are getting defects, like maybe that's something you want to talk about with your supplier to try to get compensated for it. So it's important to keep an open mind for different warranty terms, different products, different suppliers. They're all going to have a different philosophy on how to deal with it. Some factories are only going to offer you credit on the next order for the product. They're going to try to keep you in their ecosystem. And then, you know, they might be really great to work with on trying to figure out these defects. So like that could be a good option for you. You also want to be willing to send any defective products back to the manufacturer because a lot of times it is going to need to get sent back for analysis, especially if it's like a new issue or a new product or something that they haven't seen before. And then you always want to remain solution oriented when you're talking with them about it. Don't just rely on them for solutions because that's just going to be slow. They also don't understand your market. They don't understand your customer. And so it's always best to go to them with some sort of solution or suggestion 
[00:08:01] on how to fix the product. And then you guys can come up with a plan together and just kind of roll that out. Now we're going to get into some examples on how you can improve product quality. So The first thing you're going to want to do is understand the quality of the components, right? For example, like what type of batteries are you using? And is it worth upgrading the battery? The defect rate you're experiencing all to do with the batteries and like Is the cost of upgrading your battery potentially outweighing the cost of dealing with the defects that you're doing? So like that's an example of something that Next would be are there better quality materials to use for your componentary, right? If you're using a plastic that's easily scratched, maybe there's a better plastic you can switch to Maybe there's a certain paint process that you're doing and you want to switch to a different process because It's a little bit more robust or something like that. Another thing to look at is how is the product shipped? Is it protected enough? And like, is it arriving to the customer safely? Are you seeing some of these issues because of the shipping methods you're using? And because of the way it's packed, that's something to consider. So you want to communicate all these details with the manufacturer and then just decide what's best for you. Way out all the options, figure out the budget, talk with your vendor, remain open-minded and solution oriented and then just figure out what's best for you, right? Another thing to do would be to figure out how to improve the product based on like specific defect issues, right? So once you've honed in on these buckets that we talked about earlier, then you really want to kind of tackle one issue at a time And very specifically figure out some solutions. So once you have the report created with the bucket of issues and the defective samples are collected and returned to the factory, you know, maybe if it's an electronics product, the factory realizes that there 's like a soldering issue, right? Like there's a little connection on the PCB or the charger or something that's going bad. So then they can update their SOPs and say like, "Hey, we're going to use this soldering material. We're going to add a little bit extra. We're going to make sure that we do like some more accelerated age testing by like pulling on this wire a little bit more or whatever." And you know, they can go ahead and fix that specific issue. So that's an example of like honing in on a specific issue and then how to solve it. And then you want to make sure that the factory is like constantly adding steps 
[00:10:03] to their processes to make sure that this doesn't happen again. This is where we get into the profit margin aspect of this. So calculating your profit margin increase and like, you know, just really correctly tracking your defects related to the finance side of things. So I do have we do have a client that we're using as a use case. It's in the gadget arena. So, you know, that's all I could really say. Really like the first question that like, you know, I know you guys would ask yourself, it's like, what's the profit increase? If I have like a decrease of like 1% on, you know, on stuff. So going from like 5 to 4% defect rate, like, what is that profit margin? I want to first explain to you and then I'll get into like kind of the numbers that we have on this slide. But just the cost of selling one unit of a defective product. You have your product cost, right? That's one. You have your shipping cost. You have your marketing cost, like the customer acquisition cost, right? If you 're in a high repeat business, you do have a lots of repeat purchase. Okay, and then you have two areas. One is more easier to quantify if you have the right analysis on it. But, you know, there's the reputation. You're like feedback store, you know, the more it goes down. That's going to drive up your marketing costs and that will just affect you from getting sales. And then you got your customer service time. And I think like when you start to scale into the eight figure range and you're doing like 100,000 units a month, you got like a 5% defect rate, right? You're dealing with 5,000 customers. Like your customer service team is going to get slammed, right? And if you have a 10% defect rate, you're going to get really slammed, right? So like these are the different costs. Okay, now using using this client example, okay, his selling price was $49.99. His product cost was $5.80. Shipping cost was $8.75. He had a ROAS of $2.2. I 
[00:12:04] know, you know, everyone has different stuff. But that was a ROAS and that's $22.72, which left him with $12.73 in profit. Now that's with no defect. Now let's say you have a defect where you're doing a shipment replacement. Okay , so you have two additional costs now, the replacement product cost of 5.80. And then you have the replacement shipping cost of 8.75. In this particular case, you're now going to lose $1.82 on that customer, right? Now you can get your product like what CJ was saying before. Like you can get your product replaced and so like maybe you know, now you are making a little bit of profit with this particular use case. That's also only once you sell it again. Yeah, now there is the defect refund, which you know, we all know sucks and chargebacks are also terrible too. Now you're collecting zero dollars and now you have your $5.80 cost or 8.75 cost and what a lot of people forget is your customer acquisition costs. Now you are losing a lot of money on that refund. So that's to kind of like break it down to you on like what your costs are. And this is why like defect rates, especially when you're you know, you're getting to that eight figure level, like why this stuff really starts to matter . So now I want to get into the calculation a little bit more of this use case. For how much you know, the profit margin increased for this particular client. Everyone has different costs. Everyone has different increases in margin based off of reduction and defect rate. But this this graph right here is assuming that you have you know that you sold a hundred thousand units and it was a 50 50 split between shipment replacements and refunds. And we're also assuming in this model zero repeat purchase. Okay, so you have on the left side, you got like your profit that you're earning off a hundred thousand units for this particular client. And then you have your defect rate here at the bottom going from zero percent 
[00:14:00] all the way down to 20 percent. Okay, you know, so like the profit here is going to be you know, at zero percent, 1.3 million. And then it's pretty much dropping like you know, around 32,000 every percentage point down. So getting into the notes, each 1% decrease in defect rate can amount to over a 3 to 6% increase in profit margin. That's I mean, that is huge when you're operating on a big scale. So assuming that you do 75 replacement, 25% refund. Now the profit could increase around 2 to 4% for each 1% defect rate. Okay, assuming you do 25% replacement, 75% refund. The profit could increase around 4 to 8% per 1% decrease in defect. Now keep in mind, the higher the defect rate and when you're going down a percentage, that's where you're seeing the bigger increase in profit margin because you have less profit you're playing with. So as you're getting down to zero, that's where you are getting into the lower increases in profit margin. Just to clarify, because I know we're kind of getting a little like into the numbers of things. So like I said, you're going to see a larger improvement when the initial defect rate is high. So like you're going to get that greater benefit going from like 7% defect to 6 % defect versus going from like 3% to 2%. Now in terms of absolute dollar value with this particular use case, each percent decrease in defect rate amounts to $32,000 in additional profit. I mean that's huge. You guys got like really high marketing costs if you're in e-commerce business. Taking into account repurchasing, assuming it's a 25% repurchase rate, which is like a fairly average number if you're in like the skincare space or you got like more of like a subscription model with things. There's other industries with high repeat, it also depends like what you're selling, like if you're doing like diffusers and you're selling the oils and stuff. But that could amount to like a $44,000 increase in additional profit when you reduce that defect rate each percentage point. So these calculations that I'm giving you here, like they're not really 
[00:16:03] capturing the reputational savings that you're getting, you know that Facebook score. And it's not factoring in the customer service hour saved, which does have a cost relationship to it because that's an operational cost. So like these calculations are not even factoring those two big important things in there. So the overall benefit of decreasing your defect rate is actually even higher than what I'm actually, I'm displaying right here, right? Bringing down your defect rates do have a disproportionate impact on your profit. So a 1% change in defect rate is going to lead to more than a 1% change in profit. Okay. Bringing down the defect rate is really important for your business. If your existing defect rate is high, of course, if it's between 6% and 10%, we 'll see that a lot in like the gadget space. You know, you could see it in like skincare and like more so maybe in skincare than supplements because you deal with a lot of liquids and creams and stuff like that. But like sometimes the defect rate, if you have a leakage issue, you could be like 5% or something like that, right? If there's a high repeat purchase in the product category, like I was just saying what skincare like definitely, like you are losing a lot more money when you have defects because these are people that are definitely more likely to be buying from you again, right? If your customers want refunds more than replacements, I mean, you might want to reconsider the product altogether even. But like, if you're refunding significantly more, that would trigger trying to make sure your defect rates are non-existent because it'll just give less of a chance of wanting a refund. And if you're moving a lot of units or want to scale into very high volume, like if you're getting into the eight figure range, like you want to keep that customer service time down as much as possible. So, you know, when it comes into really moving a lot of units and scaling, you 
[00:18:00] know, you really want to pay attention to your defects. I would be wary of, you know, I have here like sourcing companies that guarantee a decrease in price because there are a lot of them that do that. You know, it's kind of like the, you know, what, in a way what some of them are notorious for. Trade companies are aggressive because they're more of a sales arm to a factory , so they're trying to win the business. So, anyone that you're working with that's trying to guarantee you a decrease in price, I would just be a little wary since we're talking about defects. That it might mean that they're willing to be flexible in quality, especially if they notice that you're a beginner, like, you know, let's take consumer electronics, like they might use a B level battery instead of a NA level battery because they're guaranteeing that low price because you're coming at them with what's your lowest price. Like, you know, I really, like you really got to be careful with that. Like, you know, for us, I played that game when I was doing e-comm and I was like, I was like living in China dealing factories. I'm like, you know, like, let's have price down bro, you know. And like, you know, we'll get into, we have a module about like how to work with factories. So, like, we'll kind of talk to you about the nuances of communication, but you know, you really, you know, just be careful with like, you know, any company is trying to guarantee you a low price. You're going to want to come up with more of a game plan with them, right? And like, figure out how they're going to lower the price and just understand the details before you just go and take their word for it. Yeah. What's the biggest issue in your supply chain? Like, I'm not really saying like , what's the biggest cost? It's just more of like issue, right? I would say, so you, like the question is, is it stock outs is a defect rate or is it like something with your inventory? Like, number one is definitely stock outs, right? Because if you have too many unfulfilled orders, your lead times are now going to be really long and you're just going to have to turn those ads off, which no one likes hearing that phrase. So I won't say it again. But that is going, I mean, your business is not working, right? If that's off. So, you know, stock outs are really important. And you need to come up with a better way to do purchase planning, right? And like, we talked about this in previous modules. 
[00:20:02] Like, you do want to have, you do want to be able to match up your, your sales with your existing inventory that you have as of that day and then your lead times so that you could forecast your sell out dates, you could forecast your repurchasing dates. And like, you know, if you avoid stock outs, like that will be avoiding your biggest issue in your supply chain. Second is actually the defect rates, right? Because that's really one of the best ways on the supply chain side to increase your profit margin. Okay, it's not really about lowering prices. It's, I mean, it's, it's about having like good cogs and you could work collaboratively with a good manufacturer on having a good plan to lower your prices. So, you know, that's all I'm going to say with that. And then just maintaining a high reputation too, right? Like, if you have a very low defect rate, your reputation in the, in the space and your brand is going to be solid. So that allows you to make more optimal profit. And then just minimizing that customer service cost, right? Like, if you keep it to a really small team and you're doing large volume, like , you're in a great situation, right? Then third would just be like kind of the inventory, right? Like, let's say you do have defect issues. So that carries into an inventory issue, right? That's going to be slow moving products that are now due to defects. Now you're stuck with it. You know, you could, I mean, one way to just make inventory less of an issue and, you know, we definitely will be talking about this in other modules is just like negotiating the payment terms so that you, you know, you don't have such, you know, like stuck with your inventory. Because that is a big piece of your cost, probably going to come in third because that's just like, that's like a little bit different. But yeah, that's kind of like the answer to that. And that's it for module number three. So the next module, we will be going over going to be how to find potential suppliers to scale your business with. And, you know, we'll get into that in the next module. 