
[00:00:00] All right, module five. So how to effectively work with factories if you're a brand owner? Yeah, I think CJ and I will tag team this, like we've been doing. First topic that we're gonna go over is just making sure your graphics are manufacturing ready. Okay, you know, that, I mean, it's a more important, you know, topic than you would think, you know, 'cause you know, you wanna move as quick as possible. Communicating project details and in organized fashion with the factory, you know, the more organized you are, the faster everything's gonna go. Things to negotiate with the factory and when is it the right time to do so? Like there are good tactics you can do and we'll dive deeper into that. How to handle defect issues with the manufacturer. That is also going to be something big and we have kind of discussed that already, so we won't like go nuts with it. How to perform QC remotely with the factory, right? Like, you know, you guys don't live in China. You know, you may go to China eventually, you know, just because you want, you know, hopefully like all these modules have encouraged you to come out there. I mean, we take our clients out there. It is good to kind of know how you could do it remotely so that you feel more comfortable. And then lastly, just the benefits of building strong relationships with the suppliers. You know, that I think, you know, both CJ and I could really like talk to you about that and like even just give you some like stories about it, you know, just like how day to day of like how we were living there and dealing with the relationship building. - So let's get started. Making sure your graphics are manufacturing ready. Yeah, CJ, you want to like take the floor on that one? - Yeah, so you're going to want to be aware of like non-print ready files. A lot of things can go wrong when you're sharing files back and forth with vendors. So there's a difference between like graphic design, like for mockups and, you know, when you're just brainstorming and trying to figure out what you're going to do compared to what you're going to actually send to the factory for print, right? So when you send a file over to a factory to make sure it's ready for print, 
[00:02:00] you're going to want to make sure that you're sending stuff in the correct file format. This is going to be stuff that you're going to want to confirm with them. Like maybe it means sending over the AI file and not, you know, a PDF or something like that. If there's not clear measurements drawn out on the file, then you're just kind of leaving things up for guesswork with the factory. And that's not good either. So you want to make sure everything is, you know, displayed clearly in terms of measurements and what you're looking for. Then you want to make sure that you're including your font packages with your textures and things. You want to make sure that your text is outlined. And there's a lot of other details that, you know, it is going to come with a bit of trial and error that you're going to have to discuss with the manufacturer. Make sure that you're giving them the most complete file available, right? So poor print prep is going to cause a lot of back and forth delays. The rejection of your files can easily initiate a loop of communication with the vendor, right? If you're sending something that they can't use and they're sending it back and forth, like this can take days and days to get right. - Yeah, and Adam is going to discuss it in another module. We have, you know, just about like, you know, having to make sure that your press ready files are prepared and stuff like that. And like how to manage your graphic designer because you have a lot of graphic designers out there that come businesses are using that are in the Philippines and are not necessarily converting text to outline or doing the proper layers or, you know, not doing the call outs on some of the printing effects. So, you know, these are things that, you know, you really do want to make sure you got dialed in so that you don't have to have this back and forth in the factory. - Yeah, so when you're going back and forth with the factory, especially if you're letting them do edits, you're going to be opening yourself up to a lot of like secondary flaws, right? Maybe, you know, the image that they use is going to be from a previous file set. Maybe the fonts that they use are not going to be the final fonts and things like that. And so when you're doing this back and forth, especially if you're letting them do the edit, you're going to run into, you know, 
[00:04:01] maybe what ends up getting produced is not what you thought you were finally approving. So it's important to make sure that you have good track record with the files that you're sending, which editions that you're using, and that everyone knows like which version to use for the final print. So it's best to just get it right the first time. So what that might look like is, you know, you're sharing your mockups with the factory, and then maybe you can ask them for like a checklist or something for like all the details that they're going to need for the files. And then you can go ahead and make sure that everything is there. And then you're not going to want to necessarily give them edit access. You're going to kind of want to make sure that you're controlling all of that so that you know what you're getting in the end is exactly what you wanted. Yeah, so another big part is going to be communicating the project details in an organized fashion with the factory. So we talked about this and starting a custom project, but it also goes with any project really. You're just going to want to always start with a one-pager, right? And in the one-pager, what you're going to do is you're going to want to outline what you're trying to accomplish with the product and what it does. This should be very concise. It should be very specific. Just basic details about the product and what you're trying to do so that everyone is on the same page from the beginning. Another important thing to communicate is what problems are you trying to solve? You want to identify problems that you might currently have with the product. You might want to identify some holes in the market that you see and then just figure out what types of changes or updates that you want to make. So step two is you're going to want to identify what problems you're trying to solve. You want to identify key problems and then let the factory know what that is. And then you're also going to want to figure out what holes there are in the market. And then you're going to want to try to do this in collaboration with the factory so that you can ask them like, hey, what types of issues are you seeing with these products that you're doing? And then you can talk to them about what type of issues you're seeing in the market or if you're already doing this product, like what kind of issues that you've been experiencing. So the more you share with them and the more collaboratively you work with them, the more you're going to get out of that relationship. - Exactly, like that's why in the beginning 
[00:06:00] it's so funny, like every time, we're working with a brand that's like, they're a little bit more established and they want to have more of that sourcing model with fulfillment setup. And I always say to them in the initial intake, tell me everything that is bad about your product and like tell me everything that customers are saying because when we start doing due diligence, that's the first thing we're going to start as in factories, right? It's like we just want to make sure, at least from the start, it's in its best position. Of course, there'll be issues over time anyway, but at least we're addressing some of like the immediate stuff that you need done. - Yeah, so the next thing you're going to want to figure out is like are there any certifications that are needed? So is your product regulated by any certifications, right? It depends on what market you're in, it depends on what you're trying to tout with the product as well. And so you're going to want to communicate that with the factory because the factory is generally going to have good experience when it comes to figuring out, you know, these types of regulation roadblocks. They'll probably have done products like this in the past, they're going to understand different market needs for certifications and so that's a great step too, is just go and ask the factory. What certifications might be needed. Then you're going to want to learn the processes and the timelines for the certification so that you can go ahead and forecast your project lead time properly. Some certifications might take up to a month or even two months, three months to get the proper certifications that you need. So you're going to want to understand that upfront so that you can properly plan and forecast moving forward. The next step is going to be identifying what your quality standards are. So you're going to want to communicate with your supplier exactly what your standards are and what your expectations are for mass producing this product so that it's very clear in the beginning and that they know exactly what to do. You're going to want to work closely with the factory to come up with an acceptable SOP for controlling quality that fits with their resource capabilities and also gives you the exact product that you need so that it can meet your expectations and that you can hit the market smoothly. 
[00:08:01] So again, even if it's not just about quality, it could be about working relationships or anything. You just want to be upfront about your specific project expectations with the factory, whether it's cost expectations, lead time expectations, cooperation expectations, like how often you want them to check in with you, things like that. You just want to be upfront with the factory about it so that everyone's clear from the beginning and that there are no surprises. - Yeah, let's go over, yeah, thanks to Negotiate with the factory and when it's the right time to do so, bro. - Yeah, so there are a few different times that it is okay or I mean acceptable, I should say, like to go ahead and negotiate with the factory. You don't want to be doing this all the time. You don't want to nag them. It could end up doing more harm than good. So one option for negotiation would be like before your first order. So you're going to want to understand what the lead time for your components are and then try to work with the factory to see if there's anything that they can do faster, right? It's not always about negotiating for cost. It could be negotiating for speed. It could be negotiating for quality and so understanding what all the components are and what the lead times are and where they're coming from is a great first step to just understanding what the project is and then you can kind of go into it with some sort of forethought on how to negotiate. - Right and I'll give you like a quick kind of hack 'cause when I was doing e-comm and I was a store brand so I was working with like 20-ish factories. So I was very accustomed to doing a lot of first order stuff and what worked for me was like, I would, first of all, you gotta be like really nice to people. I mean, in all business, it's best to just be nice and seer, don't be fake, don't try too hard. Just it's just about like really being nice with them but usually like one of the things that I would do is just be like, hey, like, come on, I'm gonna pay tomorrow and I'm gonna pay that deposit tomorrow can you bring it down a little bit? And just like see what their reaction is, don't be too aggressive. You also want to help them see the path of you ordering a lot 
[00:10:04] because typically manufacturers, trade companies in China are a bit transactional in their thinking. They don't know when you're gonna place your next order. So that's why like, I'll say to a lot of brands like, yo, I know it's hard but I kinda need to know your forecast so that I could sell the upside to the manufacturer of you as a client and try to get you that like initial competitive price. So like if you're dealing with a factory directly, like you wanna sell them on the future of working with you to try to get that initial good price. I would not oversell it because that will mean they're not gonna trust you as much over time because they're not seeing the real results and because of their short-term transactional thinking, they're gonna be like, yeah, you say this all the time that you're gonna scale to the moon and you're gonna order a bunch of stuff. Like, you know, you should, you gotta be reasonable with them. But yeah, if you're really nice to them, just ask, you know, and just see where they're gonna come in at, you know, and then that's, you know, that's really like what you should do. So keep going, bro. - Yeah, so getting the second option here is like, when your first order is about to be placed or if it's already placed, you're gonna wanna go into like what Greg was saying about just like, provide your forecast to them, let them know what your plans are, let them know like in three months what you plan to do, six months what you plan to do, in an entire year what you're planning to do. And just make sure the expectations are clear with them so that they can go ahead and prepare their factory, they can go ahead and make sure that the workers are ready, they can go ahead and work with the sub vendors to make sure that they're gonna be ready for all of the different components that are gonna be needed. And then you can go ahead and talk to them about understanding that the deposits are gonna be needed and maybe you can get like, you know, a deposit schedule with them's figured out for what your forecast is going to be and like how often you're gonna need to pay and what that looks like, as soon as you get all 
[00:12:00] of these details figured out, it's gonna be much easier for you to go and say like, okay, at this point we're gonna be paying, like how much like you can figure out the volume you're gonna be ordering and then you can go ahead and talk to them about how to reduce your lead time, reduce your cost, what other options there are for optimizing your ordering process with them, right? Yeah, so if your order's already placed, like just go ahead and let them know what your forecast is and then go ahead and see what opportunities there are based on your forecast to go ahead and optimize your lead times and your costs. Yeah, I mean exactly, like especially like when it like, when it comes to like the skincare industry, like it's like that over ordering of bottles or securing certain raw materials because if you hold if like, you know, every year, like the price of raw materials do go up, right? 'Cause it usually goes with inflation. So, you know, you do wanna communicate like, hey, like what raw material do you need to just keep in stock so that our lead times could be faster for the formula that you're producing for my skincare product? It's the same thing for supplements now for consumer electronics. You know, there's some components that you, you know, have a shelf life so you gotta be a little bit more careful with that but like, you know, there are consumer electronics factories that could do assembly within a week if they have all the components and everything like that. So definitely trying to work with the factory and understand, you know, like how can we get that lead time to the seven days that you guys have been kind of learning about starting with AliExpress and stuff. So like, there is like a path to that or getting to that but you gotta just work with the factory or if you're working with a sourcing company, like, you know, we kind of know to do that as well, especially if you're gonna, it's gonna be very fluid and you're ordering very frequently, you know, like this is, these are things that you definitely wanna be doing. - Yeah, so then that brings us to like the post forecast negotiation. Like once you've done your first few orders, you've got your forecast together, you've shared all that information with the factory and they understand that you're serious, it's probably about time to start negotiating 
[00:14:00] what your payment terms look like. You know, maybe you started on like a 30% down, 70% upon delivery but that might not be optimal for your cash flow. If you're trying to scale and you've showed them your forecast for how you're trying to scale and like what type of volume you expect to be doing, maybe you can go in, you know, for example, try to negotiate like a 30% deposit, 40% upon shipping and then the final 30%, like 30 days after shipping or something, right? There are all kinds of different options for payment terms and the more serious you are with the factory and the more serious you've shown your forecast, the more serious you've shown how you're gonna scale, the more susceptible they're gonna be to some of these suggestions that you're bringing to the table as far as payment terms go, right? That kind of covers it for negotiating with the manufacturer. So now let's get into handling defect issues, right? Which we kind of went over a little bit, so like Greg said, let's just kind of run through this quickly. You're gonna wanna be upfront about defect expectations. We've kind of beat this in the head a lot. It's just let them know exactly what you want. Don't leave anything up for interpretation because anything you leave up for interpretation will come back to bite you. - Yeah. - You're gonna wanna ask the manufacturer for data regarding their current return so that you know what to expect and you know what to let them to watch out for. You're gonna wanna create a robust report with your customer service team that can clearly track the defects. And you're gonna wanna share this with your manufacturer at least on a monthly basis so that you can track the defects and improvements as you're going along. You're gonna wanna hone in on specific issues that you'd like resolved so that you are solving one thing at a time and that it doesn't get overwhelming. The issues are large enough. Maybe you can kind of use that as leverage before you place your next order. You can say like, hey, I have 12% return rate right now and like I'm ready to place a 10,000 piece order and I'm not gonna do it unless you give me a solution for this defect, right? And then that'll kind of give them some motivation if you're noticing that they're kind of dragging their feet with some defect solutions. And then lastly, negotiate an overshipping plan 
[00:16:01] with the factory to overstock your next order by the percentages defects that your last order had to help you keep ahead of the game. All right, so performing quality control remotely with the factory, right? After you've identified the QC specs, you're gonna wanna create the QC sheets and checklists. You're gonna wanna add photos of exactly what needs to be checked and when it should be checked. And then you're gonna wanna create specifications for checking each critical component, right? We kind of went over this a lot. So this is just like in the very beginning when you're identifying your QC specs and letting them know exactly what you're expecting. I think we all get it at this point. So next is you're gonna wanna make sure that the factory has a golden sample. So what a golden sample is is a perfect sample that reflects exactly what you want your final production unit to look like. That's ideally signed off on by either the brand owner or the brand representative. Like if you're working with someone like us where you have boots on the ground, we can work with you on figuring out what that looks like and sign it and then we can keep that. And when we go to our spot checks, we have that sample for reference. Or if you wanna do it yourself, like as the brand owner, absolutely go ahead and sign it and make sure that they just know that that's the one that they need to be comparing everything to. The golden sample absolutely needs to reflect your perfect QC standard. Don't settle for it. Otherwise, again, like you're leaving stuff up for interpretation. Another way to perform QC remotely is to just confirm that the specs are being used. And the way that you do that is you're gonna wanna request photos of the entire process, right? Generally factories are gonna have QC divided into two or three different processes. One is gonna be the incoming QC. In the middle, you're gonna have the production QC. And then finally, you're gonna have the outgoing QC, right? So they're gonna be inspecting the components as they're coming in to make sure that they are up to par to go ahead and go and do assembly, right? This is looking for the proper color, right? Making sure there's no scratches and things, making sure that the size is right, making sure that any of the structural componentry that needs to actually be assembled is like made properly. 
[00:18:01] So you're gonna wanna request photos of that process, videos of that process. You're gonna wanna be updated along the entire way of when things are arriving, how they're arriving. If there are any issues you wanna know right away so that you can go ahead and figure out how to deal with it and then just follow the process along similarly with the production QC and then the outgoing QC, right? You're gonna want videos, you're gonna want photos, you're gonna wanna understand the process and then you're gonna want them to show you exactly how they're doing it so that you can give any feedback you have in real time. Lastly, if these previous three steps didn't work and you're still seeing issues, maybe you need to consider hiring a third party QC company to come in for spot checks, right? There are a lot of different services out there that can offer different types of QC services for spot checks but what you're gonna wanna make sure before engaging with them is that you have these previous steps already worked out because you wanna give them like a complete package of things to look at, things to work on. If you leave that up to them, it can be timely, it can be costly. And again, you're leaving some stuff up for interpretation so it's important to make sure that you're buttoned up before you go ahead and engage any of these types of people. - Yeah, we have a client where he's like, I wanna use more of a QC company just as an extra layer of QC and usually when we go over that with the client, we're like, okay, cool, so do you wanna just pick out maybe 5% of the order or something like that? 'Cause you don't need to look at every single product. Think about how much time that takes for a QC company to do that, it's gonna be really expensive. So you just take out maybe like 5% and then tell them what to look for and then when you get your QC report before you make your balance payment to the factory, now you kind of see what the defect issues are, you're gonna see like, okay, cool, it's only like 1% of that, had that, okay, it's fine. Now you kinda know for your next order what to anticipate for handling 
[00:20:00] the defect issues and replacements. So there is good value in doing a third party. So this is the last one, let's go over like the benefits of building strong relationships with suppliers, I'll let you run it, but we'll also kind of talk about some maybe like a couple of references of our experience as well with it. - Sure, so when building relationships with suppliers like money talks, right, they might be friendly with you, but at the end of the day, it is a business relationship and so the more business you're doing, obviously the better they're going to feel about building a relationship with you, right? The more consistent you are with your ordering, the more growth that you're showing or promise of growth that you can show, the factory's gonna take more of a liking to you, right? And that doesn't necessarily mean you need to show crazy growth, that you're scaling like crazy, like you're doing an insane volume or anything. It's just like that you're showing them that you enjoy working with them, that things are going well, that you're looking forward to scaling with them and that you're showing them what your forecast is and you're letting them know like, hey, here's where I'm taking this thing and here's where we're going, that goes a long way. - Yeah, yeah, 'cause like, since we're on the ground and when we're working with these factories on our clients behalf, my partner Jerry and then CJ's doing it since he's there full time, they're going out with the factory owners 'cause the factory owners, it's more of a thing in China than anything else, but they really like to mix like business and friendship. So there's a lot of dinners that you're going to and like they wanna take us out and like they wanna really get to know us and especially like if CJ's at a dinner or if I'm at a dinner, like we both speak Chinese. So like they want to really get to know our culture and like they also want to get into our story about like, why are we like we came to China and stuff like that? Or when we take our clients around, like they're feeling like they can put a name now to the order and like they wanna see like the funny cultural barrier between our clients and them if they can't speak English. And you know it really does like create this like fun, 
[00:22:02] enjoyable environment 'cause like factory owners like, man they're working day and night and like constantly trying to produce, especially like in Shenzhen, it's like the fastest city on earth, right? Whereas like Shanghai it's been more relaxed, you still do the dinner thing and stuff, but what I've noticed more in Shenzhen is it's like, you could be going out for yes, yeah, right? Like we're just having like late night food with the factory owner like midnight, you know? 'Cause like it's a city that never sleeps, it's kind of like New York in that aspect and like you know, just the whole relationship thing really is big when it comes to that 'cause they wanna like mix you know, the business and the relationship. But that kind of is a good segue into just like this in-person visit. - Yeah, in-person visits really can go a long way, right? And it's not always just about you maybe you going to China, maybe you wanna try to invite your supplier to come and check out what your operation looks like. This can show them how serious you are, it can show them a little bit about what the market landscape looks like for you. And it's just really like a good foot forward to developing a relationship with them. And then again, if you wanna schedule a trip to go and see their facilities, like the biggest advantage to that is like a lot of problems can get solved in these in-person meetings at the factories in real time. You don't go and see like how your product is being manufactured then you are missing out on a lot of, just missed opportunity to try and figure out like certain problems that might occur during the process, right? And other insights that you might have to help them better service you and better service your product and your brand. It really, really, really is valuable to go and see that because there are certain things that you might realize and see once you're there that you would have never even thought about beforehand, right? Yeah, in-person visits really do go a long way, really strongly consider going out to see your services. - Yeah, and I think just, you know, 'cause I know like a lot of you probably have heard this as soon as I will tell you this directly, yup, there is drinking going on. There is drinking going on and they wanna drink with you. Not all of them drink, you know, like in skincare area, you're actually dealing with a lot of women, so. 
[00:24:01] - They'll find someone to drink with you. - But they'll find someone to drink with you, yeah. A lot of smoking goes on, trying to, and they offer cigarettes a lot, you know? And nothing wrong with it, like, look, if you don't want it, you just, you know, you say no, no, thank you, I just don't smoke. Maybe you wanna have a drink with them though, like, so like that does go on, like, even when we've, I've been living full time in China and like they know they could see me any day of the week, still gonna get that treatment of like, drink with me, drink with me, you know, it's just, it's over days, every day, you know? So, yep, that's just more of a cultural thing. They're not really trying to like, scheme with you, 'cause if you're visiting China, like, you're like, wow, why are they like rolling out the red carpeting for me? Like, what is the catch? The catch is that they don't really get to see foreigners or interact with foreigners in person so much, right? So they find it to be a very unique experience. And like, they, and it's especially like people in ESS, like, I mean, yeah, guys that are from all different European countries, you got some Americans, you got people from Australia, like, it's like, especially when we're taking clients over there, 'cause our clients are from all over, like, oh my God, I could learn about this country, this country, this country, like, all in one, you know, sitting, it's like very cool for them. So, you know, they just really wanna get to know you. So, the idea is to have a lot of fun and to really, like, enjoy your time with them. You should be learning from them too. Like, you could ask questions to swallow to them. Like, it's a very open book with them, the most hospitable country I've been to and I've been to a lot of countries. So, you know, I do think you got nothing to really be afraid of. Just, you know, focus on your work, make sure you got stuff figured out. But if they wanna drink with you, just like, drink with them, just don't talk about business, you know, like, just relationship only. - Yep. So, finally, you know, terms, pricing, lead times, priority and your overall treatment is gonna be based on your relationship with the factory. You're gonna notice as you grow over time with the factory, that they're gonna start to treat you a little bit differently, they might start treating you as more of a priority, they might start being a little bit more proactive. 
[00:26:00] And that doesn't necessarily mean that you grow into, like, their number one customer, you just need to grow into their favorite customer, right? And that is defined on how you develop the relationship with them, right? I've been in situations where maybe I started as, like, the number one customer, right? Like, the previous brands I was working with, they carried a lot of weight when we walked into some of those factories and they were very excited to have us. And then, you know, maybe sometimes things didn't go well or maybe the product that we launched for them, like, wasn't the best, but because we catered good relationships to them, like, I was always able to walk into that factory, like, I owned it, and I was able to just walk into the production line and just, like, do whatever I want and, like, have, just, like, kind of have my way with it there. So, you know, like, there really is value in developing these types of relationships. That's why it's also important to figure out if that factory is a good fit for you or not, right? Because if you can't get along, but maybe they make a really cool product, then maybe you need to find someone else to make that really cool product for you, someone that you can actually get along with, because at the end of the day, you're doing business with these people and you're gonna have to deal a lot with them. So, just remember that your quality lead times and pricing can start to get preferential treatment once you find the factory that's a right fit and then once you've developed that relationship because China is definitely a country that's built on relationships. - Yeah. - It's just how to increase your perceived value with white labeling, okay? So, that'll be the next one. 