
[00:00:00] module six is going to be about how to increase the perceived value with white labeling. We are going to have a similar module about how to increase the perceived value on packaging, but Adam will be doing that one. It's going to be a little bit more on the branding, graphics, and print effects side. So, you know, there will be maybe some crossover with this one in Adams, but, you know, I think CJ is going to break it down really well for you on the manufacturing side of things. So there's five topics here you're going to be, we're going to be talking about just leveling up your products and packaging with special print effects. So CJ will do basically an introduction for it. Adam eventually will be getting more detailed with it. The second one is just the tactile surface finishes you can use to elevate to your products. The third is going to be about just component upgrades to aid in marketing a product as superior to the competitors. Number four, adding a travel ready element to your product for greater perceived value. Previous companies CJ worked with, that was like a huge thing that they did. So he could really dive into details with that. And then lastly, elevating perceived quality via direct printing on containers like bottles, tubes, and stuff instead of using stickers or like label wraps and stuff like that. So CJ, you know, why don't you take the floor here so I can keep this dog quiet . Yeah, no problem. When it comes to leveling up your products with packaging, special print effects, things like that, it's really about just making sure that your first impression counts , right? You want to make sure that you're putting your best foot forward and that the best product attributes that you're trying to promote are highlighted in the packaging, right? So that means like any key ingredients that you're trying to market any type of key features or design functions that you're trying to market are highlighted within the packaging, whether it's like a picture on the box or whether you coin some type of name for it and you can maybe even consider trademarking that or something. 
[00:02:03] It's all a part of how you're branding and presenting the package and your first impression really goes a long way. And again, you're going to want to reserve your front panel for the most vital selling points. That's what's front and center at the first impression of the product, right? Packaging is really an inexpensive way to change perception of your product. You can make some of these changes and we're talking like they can be less than a quarter, like 25 cents or under to really add perceived value to your packaging. There's tons of different printing techniques and just all kinds of different logo techniques or just other things that you can add to packaging just to kind of level you up , right? Yeah, like the foil stamp, emboss, spot UV, doing matte finish, doing soft touch, which is really like a lot of people actually in the cannabis industry do like soft touch. So there's a lot of different things that you can do, but Adam will be diving into lots of details about that on his module. Yeah, so you're going to want to take advantage of all these different options. Go ahead and try to understand with your packaging company. You go ahead and understand with your designer like what type of options you have. Go ahead and mock up a million different versions and like really just kind of try to dial it in and figure it out because these things don't cost a lot and they really help you stand out in the end. So just one thing to be mindful of is considering how some of these things might change your MOQs and your lead times because basic printing to adding some of these effects can really affect some of the MOQs and lead times, but in the end it can be worth it if you planned it out right. Another thing to consider is how certain materials imply quality or social status like Greg was saying like if you do like gold foil hits like you're using gold or like a rose 
[00:04:01] gold thing or something like that, it can really just take it from a low to mid level product to a high level product even if it's just at face value. So it can really go a long way. Now we're going to talk about packaging and design a little bit. So the value is in the details when it comes to packaging design. You're going to want to use more of a unique structure like a magnet flap or some sort of custom EVA or if you're trying to go more environmentally friendly maybe you 're using like a paper insert or something right. And just like a unique box design right, consider fun shapes that go beyond the basic cube of you know mass manufactured boxes that you see for all kinds of different products. You really want to try to be unique and creative when you're coming up with new packaging designs right. It's all about the presentation. So after that you're going to want to take shipping into consideration right weight and volume all affect your shipping cost and then you also want to make sure that the product is going to arrive safely. So this is kind of like a two for right here with these last two boxes but you 're going to want to make sure you optimize your box for efficient shipping right. You're going to want to consider what the bulk shipping method is going to be, what kind of master cartons you're going to be doing especially if you're going to be using overseas three PL's meaning like you're going to be shipping out of China into another country to be fulfilling. So you're going to want to really try to not waste any space when it comes to how you're putting the product into the box and then how that box is going to go into a bigger box that you're going to eventually start shipping out with your bulk orders. Then you're going to want to make sure that the product is going to arrive safely right. You're going to want to use proper padding. You're going to want to use proper size and arrangement in the box to make sure that it ships because if you go through all this work to make sure you have a beautiful box and a beautiful product but it arrives damaged it's all for not right. Then again you can try to consider using eco-conscious materials like paper inserts instead of foam, 
[00:06:01] recyclable packaging and things like that. Let's talk about tactile surface finishes. These are going to be things that you're going to be using on the actual surface of the product itself. There's a wide variety of different techniques that can be used on a variety of different products. Let's just talk about a few of them. Electroplating is a really cool finish. It adds a metallic shine and feel to plastic or a metal. It can help protect metals so that you don't see any oxidizing or scratching on the surface. The cool thing about electroplating is it is actually a real metallic bond to the surface. You're actually using a chemical bonding process to go ahead and attach a really thin layer of metal to the surface of the product. It can really turn out really cool and it really helps up perceived value. Apart from electroplating you can also consider paint finishes. They can add a similar look to electroplating. The color options are a little bit more broad because with electroplating you 're actually limited to metallic colors but let's say you want a pink metallic type of color . You could use a paint finish for something like that. It's going to be a little bit cheaper but it's also going to be much faster. Like I said, the color options are just much, much more broad. Let's get into sandblasting and polishing. Let's say you just really want a nice natural look to a piece of plastic or a piece of metal. Apple does this really, really well with their sandblasting. Most of the Apple products that you see are going to have a sandblasted finish. Sometimes they do their higher end ones or at least in the past they would do their higher end like their pro model iPhones and whatever would come out with the polished finish. They would do the nice stainless steel electroplated polished finish. The difference really is sandblasting is going to give you a gritty grippy feel 
[00:08:01] to the product. It's not just so smooth or a plain finish. The polishing is going to give you a nice glossy feel to it. It's going to be shiny. It's going to be smooth to the touch. These are all really interesting customizable options for surface finishes. I would recommend you go ahead and mock these up with your graphic designer, industrial designer, whoever and just kind of like outweigh the options. Maybe you're going to do one color with a certain finish and another color with a different finish. These are all different ways to elevate your product. Then lastly, let's talk about logo treatments. Branding is everything. How are you going to apply your logos to the product? There's a ton of different options from laser engraving, silk screening, 3D printing, foil stamping, UV hits. These are all different options for your logo. When you're looking at designing your product, just try to figure out where your logo is going to go, what type of surface it's going to be printed on, and how you want to brand your product and how you want to just put your branding on it. Let's get into component upgrades. Component upgrades can really help aid in marketing. For example, if you are doing a consumer electronic product, maybe you just want to up the capacity of the battery so that you can say you last longer than anyone else, right? Lasting longer is a great thing. A way to go about this is you want to identify what your budget is for the product and then you want to work backwards. You understand what your maximum spend is and then you want to understand what the components cost. Then you figure out what you're able to do with the product by staying within your budget. That way you're just doing things organized and you're not doing crazy stuff to the product that's going to make it too expensive. Some things that can be upgraded is batteries for capacity or power output. You can go ahead and look at active ingredients, whether it's higher quality active ingredients 
[00:10:00] for a skincare formula or if you're just upping the ratio of the active ingredients so that you can try to get an increased effect or faster results. Everyone really likes faster results. These are things to keep in mind. Another thing to look at is what are some key issues that competitors might have? If you can go ahead and solve some key issues that competitors have, then you can go ahead and just mark that against them. You can say like, "Hey, all of these issues in this product category are coming from this component and I've gone ahead and solved that problem and I'm offering it to you at the same price." That could be also a really interesting way to go ahead and upgrade your product and then be able to market it. Let's talk about adding travel-ready elements to your product. What you can do is you can consider offering your product bundled with a reusable travel-friendly case or tote or something like that, something like a small travel case, something with spaces for all the things needed like chargers for an electronics product or certain components that can complete a skincare routine if that's what you're doing. You want to make sure it's something branded, right? When you're pushing a brand and marketing a brand, it's going to be about a lifestyle. It's going to be about a story and your consumers are going to like your brand and you're going to want them to tout that they're using your brand. If they're walking around with something that's branded, that represents their routine. It represents something that they use every day and then it has your brand on it. That's something really cool that can elevate the entire experience. It gives the user something that they are not going to want to throw away. If you're just giving them a product in a plain box, that box is going right in the trash as soon as they take that product out. If you can come up with a creative way to like, "Hey, you can use the box," then there's value in that. Maybe you could also consider creating a travel bundle. If you want to give that value but you already have a ton of product in stock, maybe you just source a tote or a travel bag or something and then you can set up a bundle where it's 
[00:12:00] like, "Hey, if you buy everything in the routine, then I'm going to go ahead and send you out this travel bag." That way, if you're already past that step of being able to integrate it into your packaging component, then you can go ahead and still give them that type of travel bundle . Yeah, I think that it works really well with like in the skincare space or supplements because you're working on a subscription model. You're scaling into that eventually and this is a great opportunity to have travel-sized stuff to take your skincare around and make sure you have those sizes so you can bring it on the plane and if you have a really nice bag, it's a really good opportunity for branding and it does make it seem like it's higher quality. We do work with a feminine care brand that's in Europe that we do travel packs and stuff like that. This particular client scaled seven figures in four months. It was nuts. It wasn't that year after where he's like, "Yeah, we're going to do the travel thing." I'm like, "All right, cool." He's like, "But we need to start by April because that's when traveling starts heating up." He just crushed it and actually it just carried in even to the non-peak season of traveling because he just found out that consumers really like it and they may want to just keep buying more of it too because they travel a lot. It really is a good opportunity to just kind of level you up and away on the un -value. I mean, so the idea is to add value to the packaging itself. If the consumer can get value out of the packaging, it's a huge selling point compared to competitors that don't have that added value. All right, so elevating perceived quality via direct printing on containers instead of stickers. This applies to a lot of skincare brands, supplement brands, stuff like that. A lot of stuff is going to come in just like a generic bottle with a label wrap around it. You really want to go to that next level, consider direct printing on the bottles instead of using wraps. Labels are a quick and cheap solution. However, that does reflect on the product. 
[00:14:01] You're going to have a label kind of blocking perhaps the formula inside, right ? If you have the liquid inside, maybe the sticker is blocking your view to it and you want to have a transparent view to it. You can also use some of the printing techniques we talked about earlier with the foil hits or the spot UV stuff to just give it an elevated look or bring it into a different type of social class. And with label wraps too, especially like I think this was before you joined, but we did a sticker on tubes. Not like leads to defect issues because you're going to see those creases there . That's also one of the issues with label wraps in general. There is a level of defect there with just the way the stickers on and maybe customers don't like that. It's like such a stupid defect, but it is classified as defects. So that's also the risks with that. And that's why doing direct printing is more best practice in general. However, Adam is going to get into details when he does his module on how you could actually use label wraps to your advantage. So just a little throw in right there. It usually doesn't increase the cost much like we talked about before. There are some lead time issues and M.O.Q. stuff to navigate. So that's something to be mindful of. But it definitely makes the product feel more custom even if it's just like an off-the-shelf item. It's a great way to just get your branding out there, get your messaging out there, and really elevate the perceived value of the product. And it gives you more of a direct control of every aspect of your branding on the product. Whereas if you're just doing a sticker, like you said, maybe it can be offset a little bit, maybe it can kind of crease a little bit. And that could be a perceived defect even though the material is still the same on the inside. So you really want to avoid that at all costs. So I think that's really it about providing some insight on how to increase your perceived value on your products when it comes to white labeling. Yeah. 
[00:16:00] I mean, yeah, this is a blast. The upcoming modules, just because I mean, I'm in Miami. So that's why we were able to do this. And the future modules though, like with Adam and with John, I think are going to be really great for you, especially for those that are considering US manufacturing or for those that kind of want to work on the leveling up of branding on their consumer products. So stay tuned. But yeah, this was great. And that's what we got for you. 