
[00:00:00] All right. So we're going to kick it off with going over how to perform due diligence on manufacturers. And like, I would say, like for this topic, like, I mean, this is where it all starts. Like, at least when we take on a client, it always starts with like having to do the due diligence and just like figure out, you know, who's the right factory to work with and just like make sense of the product, you know, the product that we're looking into. So I think a lot of what we're going to be like walking you through today is kind of like how we go about things when it comes to figuring out the right supplier to work with. So I'm going to let CJ go over why due diligence matters. Yeah, so Greg, like you said, due diligence is really where everything starts. If you're if you're trying to create a product, you need to find the right partner to help you create the products, they're going to be responsible for the raw material procurement, they're going to be responsible for the quality control, they're going to be responsible for the final assembly, making sure that everything's all packaged up nicely and out the door on time. And most importantly, I would say, you're going to be communicating with them a lot. So you really want to evaluate how their communication habits are. If they're communicating things clearly, like when we ask them questions or they answering directly or they kind of just talking circles around you, these are all different things that, you know, we take into consideration when we're looking into factories in regards to due diligence, right? Yeah, I mean, this foundational step is just it's if you build on a poor foundation, then you can expect good results. And so this step is just it's so important to make sure that you're working with the right manufacturer. All right, let's go over the the initial research. So, you know, to to really 
[00:02:06] identify, you know, potential factors to be working with, just start off going on the platforms, like I've been when I started Canary with John and Jerry, and it was just the three of us and like, you know, I mean, Jerry was Jerry's obviously using some of the Chinese platforms, but then, you know, I'm also, you know, I'm using Alibaba and it like, you don't know who's a factory. I mean, it's a it's a minefield when you go on Alibaba. So the way I did it was I pretty much hit up like 50 plus companies. And I just reached out to all of them was like, add me on We Chat and, you know, the ones that didn't add me on WeChat, like a micro, you know, on a follow direction. So you're we're not going to not even going to count you, you know, because like the workflow is really important as well. So you start off on those platforms. I think some people are like spending a lot of time like looking at, you know, looking at the profiles and like looking at the product pictures. But, you know, that doesn't tell you enough about the factory you're going to be working with. You know, sometimes it's just like, they're not really investing their time in like, setting up the listing, they're just getting the listing up. And what's tough is like trade companies like to appear like they are factories. So, you know, you're on there and you're searching and you think you're looking at a factory, but you're not. You're just looking at stock photos, essentially. Or you're looking at, you know, a trade company where they just took pictures at the factory that they work with. So for me, that's why like I tried avoiding, you know, getting like two into like the listings itself, just making sure that they know how to make 
[00:04:01] the product. And then, you know, just aggressively reaching out to people. The other thing that you can do besides going on the platforms is, you know, if you're dealing with skincare or something like that, you can like look up the FDA database. There's for medical devices. There's a database you know, you're able to look at and, you know, you can look at trade associations, you can look at expos that are coming up and they give you a list of the exhibitors. So there's a variety of ways to be researching factories. Like one of the contract manufacturers we work with with skincare, like they produce for deorn stuff. They're not going on Alibaba. You kind of have to like really like search around and find your way. LinkedIn is a weird one that I oddly had success with. It's definitely not, you know, something that it's not like using Alibaba, but like, you know, if you're really trying to get like, you know, granular and find something special, you could maybe do a little bit of a search on that. So the initial research is really just casting a wide net to just see, you know, who you could reach out to and then hitting them all up and getting ready to have a million conversations. When I was doing it, I was probably doing this from like eight at night till four a.m. every day for the first two years of Canary. So it's a lot of work. All right. So how do we distinguish factories and trade companies? And CJ, I think this would be a good one for you since it's, you know, even from the outreach and everything, like it's still easy to fool us, you know. Yeah. So even even being here on the ground, sometimes it can be a little tricky, right? Factories are generally going to have, you know, a sales rep or someone that 
[00:06:05] that speaks to you, but they also will collaborate with a lot of different trade companies too. So it's really difficult to tell if you're speaking with a trade company or a factory, but factories will generally give you a lot more concise and specific information with the questions you're asking. They're going to be responding a lot more quickly because they have access to certain specifications or certificates or things like that immediately, whereas a trade companies kind of have to go through a different type of communication breakdown. And you can really just tell by how knowledgeable they are about certain details of a product, whether they're a trade company or a factory or not. You know, a trade company is not going to be as professional as, you know, someone who is an engineer has direct access to an engineer at a factory. So another interesting point, which can kind of backfire if you're trying to do this yourself, like a factory might not be as savvy with communication as a trade company is. And so if you're speaking to someone and you think like, oh, their communication is a little weird, like maybe their English isn't so great, but they seem to really know what they're talking about that might not necessarily be a red flag that might be a sign that you're actually speaking with a factory, whereas if you're speaking with a trading company who's used to doing international business and, you know, communicating some of these things in English a lot, the communication might seem a little bit smoother at the surface. But once you dig deeper into some of the details, you're able to find out if they're really affiliated with the factory or not. Yeah, I think that definitely makes sense. I think that if, you know, I think that as you're considering whether you're working with a factory or with a trading company, something that you're going to want to really keep in mind is how much customization or detailed work 
[00:08:01] is going to be needed from the manufacturer. If you're going through a custom design or have a lot of modifications that you're planning on making or optimizations, working directly with the factory is definitely going to pay off more for you because the trading company might not be able to reach that level of detail, speak with so much authority or even enact those requested changes, modifications, improvements that a factory was able to, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'd say to, like, when it comes to, like, here's, like, just kind of like a quick tip about, like, just knowing if you're talking to a trade company or even just seeing it in a less thing, the city, you know, like, you just got to, you just got to take a look at, because usually, like, Chinese companies, it's like the city at the, as, like, the first part of the name. So if you, if you see, like, Zhengzhou, for example, on Alibaba, that'll be, like, the city I give you, like , there's no factories there. I've been to Zhengzhou, like, 10 times. That's a, that's a dead center of China. It's not factory land at all. It's one of, it was a hunt on province is, I think, the most populated province in, in China, over a hundred million people. But that is, that is not where factories are. And also, like, you know, there are factories more inland, but most of the time, like, when you're going to, you know, you should really get a map and just, when you start to see these cities, like, look where it is on the map. And, and you could, you could see, like, those, it makes sense for a factory to be in this area, because most of the stuff is getting exported . So they're going to want to be as close to the port as possible. Otherwise, it's, it's going to 
[00:10:01] be a pain in the ass to, to be able to have to, like, truck that stuff to the port or ship it by , by train, like, infrastructure is not, like, what it is in, in developed countries. So, you know, like, when it comes to just, like, knowing that about a trade company, I think, you know, you could easily eliminate options. And, like, when you see, like, Hangzhou, Iwo, I mean, Iwo, there's a lot of factories, but, like, you could just start to, like, pay attention to, like, doing some different product category searches. And, and you'll start to see that, like, these products are concentrated in, in a specific city. So, you know, just quickly look at the trends as to, like, where, you know, all these factories are located from the list you have. And, like, you can quickly see, oh, okay, Shenzhen, like, that's where, don't go on. That's where all the electronics are made. Oh, it makes sense that the factory would be here. If you see it in any other province, I don't know if that's really going to be, make any sense. You know, it's, it's, it's not, you know, you should just, like, follow that methodology. And, like, I think it'll be very easy for you to eliminate options, especially when you're dealing in, like, niche categories. It's a really interesting barometer when you think about, like, what we know, and we, and you hear from people who are new to the space developing a new product, and you ask them whether products being developed, you can get, like, a very quick idea reliably on, you know, how experienced they are with what they're working on. Yeah. I think it's, it's a really, it's a really great point. Yeah. Yeah. So how, how do you evaluate responses, CJ? There are two things I mainly look at when I'm looking at evaluating responses. One is going to be the speed at which they respond at, and two is going to be how directly they're communicating. Chinese culturally is not a very direct, you know, communication style of a 
[00:12:01] culture or even a language, right? The language is also, there's a lot of idioms and phrases and things like that, that you just kind of talk around, you know, questions that are being answered. So when you find someone that's, like, straight up and answering quickly and they're answering directly what you ask them with something that makes sense and, and is actually what you want to hear. That's going to be a win in my book, right? You also want to look at some other things once you find someone who can communicate like that, like, how well do they actually understand the product that you're talking about. You're going to want to understand a little bit about their factory size . And that means, you know, how many line workers do they have? How big is their QC team? What type of resources do they have when it comes to testing or production? Like, are they running automated lines? What type of testing equipment do they have? And just like the team size that's dedicated to it, you're going to want to ask them like, okay, am I going to have a project manager or is it going to be a sales manager? Can I have direct access to the engineers or not? A factory is like to kind of gate keep a lot of their, you know, engineering department or R&D department and, and, you know, funnel communication through a salesperson or a project manager and stuff. And I really don't prefer to work like that, especially, I guess, like with the background I have being so technical and hands-on with product development and things like that, I'd rather just skip that whole process and get straight to the engineer myself. So that's a big one I look at. You're going to want to see what type of certifications they have and try to verify if they're legit or not . You know, for example, we just had a client reach out to us saying, you know, trying to verify the testing labs that we used for one of their skincare products because they're trying to strike a deal with Walmart right now and they had sent a list over of testing labs in China that they don't accept test reports from. We don't exactly know why, you know, and thankfully none of 
[00:14:00] our test reports with the factories were working out or from those labs because we, you know, done this due diligence and then gotten the certifications and made sure they were from reputable people. That being said, we also work directly with, you know, some of the big certifying labs like SGS, InterTech, those types of people. And then again, this final point here, right, at analyzing communication efficiency, you're going to be talking to this person all the time. You don't want to be dealing with someone that makes you want to pull your hair out. Nice. Nice. Yeah, I'd say that's a pretty well said, pretty well said. Okay. So we actually go over this in module one. But I think this is like an important, you know, slide to kind of discover advantages and disadvantages and see, Jason, you're going to, you know, you're the one that's been like going to factories more so than Chris and I, you know, you're based there. You want to just kind of walk us through, especially this like small, medium and large factory situation. Yeah. So if when you're doing due diligence and you're looking at a factory, you know, there's going to be advantages to working directly with the factory and disadvantages. You're going straight to the source. You're going to be getting potentially the best pricing factories do also like to play games. So be mindful of that and try to really understand what the cost is, ask them for a bill of materials, try to understand how much profit they're making and what their operation expense is. And then you're going to have to do some analysis on it. And then again, the more openly and efficiently they're communicating with you, the more likely it is that they're going to be able to give you these types of documents, right? And then you're going to want to collaborate with them on product creation and product development. So you want to make sure that you feel 
[00:16:02] comfortable with them and that you can, you know, you kind of have a vibe with them and communication is easy. You know, there are different size factories, small factories, I would say, you know, between 50, maybe 75 people, maybe 50 or less people. It depends on like the structure of it, right? Those factories are going to, you know, paint you a beautiful picture and tell you that they can do everything. And then when it comes down to it, maybe they don 't have the resources to do everything that they said, or they're doing a poor job at it. So that's something to be mindful of, especially if you're not on the ground here. You know, medium- sized factories are probably going to have better pricing just because they'll have better systems in place. They'll be able to operate more efficiently and then they'll have more resources. Generally, they'll have like larger R&D team or they'll have, you know, more testing facilities and machines and quality processes and things in place. But they're not going to be suitable for some smaller sized orders when you're just getting started. So it's important to kind of figure out where you're at and then if you fit with the factory business model or not, a medium-sized factory is probably going to be, I would say, between 100 and 200 people. And then large factories would be, you know, 200 and up. There are factories with 500,000, 1000s of people. They're going to have extensive resources. They're going to have really high capacity, but their MLQs are generally really, really high. You're going to wait a long time to get onto the production line. There's like a Q, a production Q to get into certain lines with them there. And there's usually a lot of internal processes and things in place with larger factories that make things that I was talking about earlier, like getting direct communication with an engineer or being able to freely go and like visit the production line anytime you want and things like that. There's kind of a little bit more buttoned up in those areas. So they're not really free as as as free range as some of the smaller factories are. So you're 
[00:18:03] doing super high capacity, super high volume stuff, maybe a large factories fit for you, but generally, it's the small and medium guys that I prefer to work with. So now some of the disadvantages with working with factories, it's really difficult to control what's going on if you 're doing it on your own, especially if you're not here on the ground in China. If you're running a business that has multiple SKUs and different niches or even if it's slightly different nic hes, a factory might not be able to produce everything that you need, which would mean that you'd have to go to other factories. And so instead of going to one spot to get everything like a sourcing company or a trading company or something like that, now you're dealing with multiple factories at once and that really stretches your bandwidth thin. And when you're ordering lower volumes, it makes you less of a priority, which again is a problem with your bandwidth. If you're not a priority and you're like constantly chasing these people up, you kind of have to put one thing down to go and work on another. And then one factory or relationship suffers while you go and nurture this other one, and you're just kind of playing this juggling game between factories. So there are pros and cons to it. The choice is really yours. This is just kind of our two cents and things that we look for when we're dealing with factories. We're set up to deal with many factories . We have a team that is dedicated to only getting proper factories for certain products and things like that. But as a brand owner that's trying to scale a business, that might not be feasible for you. All right. All right. Yeah, I'd say it really depends on the product category you're in in terms of, you know, should you be working with like a small, medium or large factory? It also depends on the volume that you're doing. It depends on your tolerance for, 
[00:20:04] you know, what kind of lead times you're willing to deal with. Like, for example, working with like a contract manufacturer, you know, in skincare, like the one that we work with that produces for like Dior and stuff like that. I mean, it's very difficult to get them to reduce their lead times significantly, but they are making very high quality products. So, you know, you just have to you just have to think about like which factory is right for you and your needs that, you know, what's your cash flow position? And, you know, then you can kind of back into, you know, what's the right factory to work with? You know, if you're just starting out, you probably do, you want to work with probably like a medium size factory. I'd say small factory is only in situations like if you have a lot of experience, it's a, it's a factory that's just open, but the owner is a, is an engineer type of thing. And it's just running like a pretty small, like operation, but the quality is good. Those are the gems. But again, those are like not easy to find. But yeah, I would say, you know, overall from what like CJ said, like these are like kind of the things to be thinking about when it comes to the factories. All right. Stive into compliance and certifications. You want to take the floor on that, Chris? Yeah, sure. So, depending on the type of product that you're planning to develop, it's important to consider compliance and certifications and whether or not the prospective factory partner that you're looking to work with has those required certifications. So, for example, has this manufacturer been involved in developing that kind of product in the past? And if so, then can they speak with authority about the certifications that they're working on? That, for example, like if 
[00:22:02] you're in the toy industry, do you have they worked on products that have been CPSIA certified so their engineers on their side are familiar with those requirements for children's products? Are you working on a medical device and require a factory that's ISO 13485 certified, right? I think that in general, if you're looking at certifications with a factory holds, it gives you some insight into the maturity of their operational processes of their quality management systems. So, for example, if you're going in looking through different manufacturers and you see that they have their ISO certifications in place, it means that they are likely much more advanced and buttoned up and have a much more reliable level of quality and support for their interactions with their clients, that you can come to expect that from them. So, I think, again, it's kind of important to understand, has this factory manufactured your type of product before it and gotten the relevant certifications in that product category? And then, do they hold any operational certificates that verify the care of upholding high levels of quality and, you know, depending on what your what your development needs can be, this can be a really quick litmus test to know that you're on the right track and you're talking to a really good partner. All right, let's go into engineering and production. I let you take that one, CJ. Yeah, so when you're doing due diligence on a factory, it's important that you you know, have a good vibe with the engineering and production staff. That means that, you know, the R&D person engineer in charge of your project really understands the vision 
[00:24:02] that you have. They're looking at the product, not just as like another thing that they're going to produce, but actually is something that solves a problem and brings something to the market. They're going to be someone that can get involved in the actual production process and doesn't just like draw a file 3D print something and then hand it off to someone and say like, all right, cool, now let's assemble this. It's going to be someone who is going to be working countless hours with the quality team and the production team working with you to get your quality control and SOPs put in place and then also, you know, taking ownership of that at the factory. So, something else interesting to discuss maybe with the factory is like, hey, what does the bonus thing structure look like here? And like, is quality actually tied to, you know, how the engineers are getting paid or how the production staff is getting paid and then, you know, just kind of understand what their process and system is for that and like what the incentives are for them to be as involved as possible and also just try to nurture that relationship with them. So, it's really important to find someone that can facilitate all of those things for you. If you're not working with someone that can do all of those, then, you know, you need to continue doing due diligence and find a better partner. Yeah, yeah. All right. So, I think this slide is good. This is just like just a very simple evaluation process. So, you do want, you know, when you're collecting samples like from various suppliers, you know, for us, after we do the outreach, we typically present anywhere from like three to five options, sometimes we'll provide more options. But in those cases, now you're going to want to like label your samples, you know, just so you know who to what's what, you know, we do like factory A, B, C, D as like kind of our naming convention. You know, you should, you 
[00:26:00] know, have your own as well. And then you want to, you want to be testing the quality when you get these samples like, you know, just, you just want to, you want to do all kinds of testing. And you probably could just like search like, you know, based on like the product, like what are some different ways you could test the products like the samples. There's plenty of content out there for you to figure out like very simple like DIY process. We do have clients that have us test. And you know, there's definitely disclaimers. We give them when they put it on us to do. But we have an office of like 20 plus people. So, and then when it comes to like skincare, we have, we have like 20 women. So it's pretty, pretty easy to get good feedback there. And then you do want to have like, you do want to compare results. You want to figure out, we have this one client who does an anti-aging serum. And like, I think he did a great job with like coming up with the categories he wanted to use for, for comparing, I'd say with, with skincare, you know, I would say it's sent texture are like probably the key ones, you know, to be looking at effectiveness, of course. But you know, that's a harder one to really test. But you know, I mean, when it comes like cosmetics, for example, I mean, that's an easier one on on effectiveness. And then with electronics, there's a lot more that you're probably going to want to test because you just want to make sure you have an understanding of like what the potential defects are going to be. I would say utilizing the sourcing company is helpful when it comes to due diligence, because one, we are doing this day in and day out. We specialize in it. So we, we just know kind of like how to go through the process. I'd say if a film a company that's sourcing, not as much because like they're not there. If they 
[00:28:01] 're doing, if they're, if they're good at sourcing, it's just the simple sourcing stuff that you don't really need to do much like testing of like quality and whatnot. And even then, like, you know, they're not, they're not, they don't have a manufacturing background. So they're not thinking about like the common procedures, you know, factories would take. Whereas like, you know, for a sourcing company, our whole team worked in, you know, in factory sales or in procurement at factories. So like, they kind of, they just know. Then you just want to organize your samples, you know, especially like if you're doing this yourself, like you don't want to be just like sending, having a factory send you samples to your home. Otherwise, you're just going to be getting like, you know , probably 10 plus different shipments and it's just messy. You kind of want to get everything, you know, sent to one place and shipped out together. That's probably just a more organized way to do it. And then, you know, you got like performance metrics to be looking at. See, I'll let you actually just cover that last piece, just like evaluating samples based on performance and durability tests. Yeah. So you're, when you're developing a product, whether it's skincare or a gadget, you're going to have a vision for its performance in mind . And when you're evaluating different factories and whether or not they're, they're hitting your vision, you know, you're going to want to have like a baseline setup, whether it's an example of another product that already exists, or, you know, if it's just meeting the idea you have in your head and then evaluating from what the sample you got, if it actually hits that criteria or not, or thinking about next steps to get it there, right? And especially with like durability with samples, it's a little bit tough, unless it's like a product that's already made, because generally when you're doing like a gadget, like durability like is a non-starter for like skincare and like supplements and things like that, like you're not worried about how durable your cream is or like a capsule is or something 
[00:30:00] like that, right? But like with a gadget, you know, you're going to be testing a hand sample, unless it's something that's just like off the shelf that's already made. And so it's kind of difficult to do durability tests on certain samples. If you're getting something off the shelf that you're just thinking about putting like your brand on it or something, then maybe, you know, put it through a drop test or something. I mean, I remember one time, years ago, I was developing this product and we had we had a sample. It was actually was a hat sample, but it was a CNC sample and not a 3D print one. And we dropped it down six flights of stairs in the stairwell of the factory and it survived the drop test. And so like, you know, get creative and have fun with it. It doesn't always need to be, you know, methodic, right? But really put it through the ringer when you get the product to make sure that you're getting something that you like. All right, all right. Why don't you do it? Yeah, it's good segue right into like the testing solutions. So I'll let you kind of continue that as well. Yeah, so you're going to want to identify certain product defect scenarios for the manufacturer and see how susceptible they are to them because at the end of the day, you're the one that understands how the user is going to be using the product. And the factory might also understand that too. And so it's great to have a collaborative conversation and relationship with them about it and see like, Hey, what type of defects have you seen? Like ask them what the craziest defect that they've seen was and like how they ended up solving for it and then ask them what their plan is to make sure that that doesn't happen in your product. And then if they don't really understand how the product is being used or what could happen, like go ahead and play out a bunch of different scenarios for them. And just be patient about it and be as detailed and specific as possible, because engineers kind of like to be really nitpicky and specific. So I guess that kind of covers the detailed solutions section of this as well. And then yeah, fun proactive manufacturers like if you are talking with someone and then one day they hit 
[00:32:02] you up and say like, Oh, hey, like we found out that this issue can happen. And like here's what we 're doing about it. Like that's a that's a huge win. A lot of times manufacturers will run into issues and like, they'll either try to cover it up, or they'll put a bandaid solution on it, which isn't going to be something permanent or necessarily reliable long term, then you end up finding out about it and then you get into this like reactive cycle of trying to fix things while you're selling it at the same time. So make sure that you have some sort of proactive system in place with the manufacturers to identify solutions and address them quickly. Yeah, and moving into the next slide for like outsourcing. So like time is like most valuable to any of us, you know, especially when you're, when you're, you know, in this, in this business, especially with e-commerce like, you know, like trying to reduce your customer acquisition costs, and like really focusing on testing and figuring out how to get into a much lower cap, like that is going to save you more money than anything you do with trying to reduce your cost and supply chain. And, you know, the questions you really need to be like asking yourself is like, should you be spending time, you know, working on like the back end, especially if you don't have much experience with it, and you have a lot more experience with the marketing side of the business, which is that's like the real core function and like having to build out a team on that side because you don't want to be doing everything. Like I have some, some clients and friends that do all the work, you know, a lot of, a lot of e-commerce businesses are running smaller teams. And you know, you're basically just like slaving away working, you know, crazy hours on, on just the marketing side. So, you know, I'd say like outsourcing it to, to specialists, you know, really free up your time. And, and that could be either, 
[00:34:00] you know, using a sourcing company or just building your own in-house team. Like, you know, a lot, a lot of the eight figure brands, they start getting, you know, an, an ops person, like an ops manager. Unfortunately, a lot of, or I'd say all of our clients that have that position, like none of them have any China experience. So, but I mean, an ops person is still like super important to have because they have to be very logical. They have to understand, you know, the supply, like the supply chain and how it works, different costs at each touch point, you know, under being able to have like a real breakdown of like these like COD categories. So you actually could figure out what areas you could reduce costs. And, you know, if, if you're not a China specialist, it's kind of tough because you don't necessarily know the best way to like navigate it. So like when you do have like a sourcing company and especially like with the way where we're explaining costs to people, like we're not just some company that just, you know, buys it for a price and resells it to. Like we give the breakdown because we know that like as you're scaling, like for example, skincare, like it's not about saving money in bottles, you know, it's about like trying to save money in your material and processing costs. So understanding the real breakdown really helps you start to think about like what is the real like potential of like reducing my price. So I would say, you know, time is huge. Evaluation. So I'd say just having a very good sample evaluation process. And then that like just allows you to get to, you know, making like better decisions. And, you know, with inspection, like you could definitely hire like third party inspection companies. I mean, we even do it for our clients in some situations just because like, you know, their background is in QC. So like their way of going about it is going to be a 
[00:36:05] lot more professional. You're going to get the report. It could be expensive if you're having them do too much inspecting, just like how with us like if we're required, you know, to inspect every little unit. And it's like a very small order, like in those cases, you know, we explain to them like different ways of going about it and like giving the factory more responsibilities so that we're able to really generate the results that the client needs. And that requires having a good relationship with the factory to get them to do like the additional work on, you know, helping us to like whether like remote inspecting sometimes because we're in Shenzhen, like in and it's a flight away, you can't just like go to the factory that easily. And then just like compliance, we work with the compliance partner, especially for like skincare and supplements. But for, you know, guys that are doing this on their own, like certainly make sure you're working with the compliance consultant, they're going to tell you kind of like everything that you really need to know about the claims you're making, the labeling, certain certifications you might want to consider that will separate you from the others. So you really do want to have these like specialists working with you and outsourcing them, you can't really just have an in-house team for all of it. But yeah, I would say, you know, these are kind of the things to be, you know, thinking about when it comes like outsourcing stuff in like on the back end with supply chain. All right, what are some red flags, CJ or Chris, some either of you? Yeah, I mean, look, I think that with red flags, where there's smoke, there's fire, right? I think that it's important to when you're working with 
[00:38:00] a manufacturer, see are there any indicators up front that could end up showing you that maybe this is not really the right supplier for you to be working with in the long term? And so you want to be looking at like, you want to be looking for vague answers about production processes because that can mean that there's not exactly transparency, which is what's so important if you're going to be trusting them to be working on your products, right? So things to look out for, slow responses, right? Do you have to follow up multiple times to try to get simple answers? That could be, you know, I could mean that when serious problems do occur, you 're not able to quickly resolve them or get to the root cause of defects or other failures once you're in mass production. You don't want vague assurances. You want complete and total confidence and mastery from your manufacturer over all of the processes. You know, you don't want to be running into issues with a prototype and they say, oh, you know, don't worry about it. We'll work it out later. You need to understand how it's going to be worked out. You don't want it to be , for example, where you invest tens of thousands of dollars in toolings to mass manufacture your product only for there to have been an issue that you could have avoided if you had addressed it proactively before the tooling process, before spending tens of thousands of dollars, right ? So I think that you really need to make sure that your manufacturer has a clear mastery over the subject matter and that they are straightforward with you. Inflexibility and problem-s olving, you know, you want to always be working with a manufacturer that is cooperative because, you know, that can mean the difference between, you know, getting a program out on time before a major holiday, like Chinese New Year, it could mean getting production line allocations or potential cost reductions, sub-contracted manufacturer adjustments on short notice, right? You 
[00:40:06] want to make sure that your manufacturer will cooperate with you because ultimately they're manufacturing your product with your brand, with your name on it. Finally, missing certifications. This can be a red flag showing that your manufacturer is not actually experienced in working in your product category or that, you know, depending on what your sales channel is, that you might not even be able to salary your product on that sales channel without those certifications, right? So it's good to do that due diligence upfront to make sure that you don't go too far down the stream with a manufacturer that you ultimately won't even be able to use. All right. So I'm getting to just like some key takeaways. So I'll do the first one, but yeah, contacting multiple suppliers just for better negotiation results. I mean, the more suppliers you speak to, the more data points you have, the more of a chance you're going to have to get a very professional company. You're also going to get a really good understanding of market prices and just like what things cost and also just getting understanding too of just like how the lead times work. What I loved when I was speaking to so many suppliers at once is like information I'd get from one supplier. I would just like repackage that to another supplier to like really start playing around with them to see like, you know, what the truth is because sometimes like you're getting so much mixed information, you're trying to figure out like what the honest answer is. So I would say like that's really a big one. Yeah. I'll let you, I'll let you CJ handle one of the other takeaways. Yeah. So when it comes to verifying certifications, you know, when they send you certifications, it might be from certain labs that you've never heard of. So the due diligence 
[00:42:04] process doesn't stop with the factories. You might want to do some due diligence on the lab and they send you a certificate, look up the lab, see what the lab is all about and see if they're reputable. We've seen situations where factories or clients have come to us that have been dealing with factories themselves had sent us certifications with a lab that had a name that wasn't the actual factory that they were purchasing from. So if you're actually able to, you know , contact the certifying company and ask them like, Hey, have you do any business with this factory or, you know, something along those lines, just to kind of verify the legit, the legitimacy of the certificate that can go a really long way when performing due diligence. Awesome. Yeah. Number three here evaluating capabilities for efficient production solutions. You know, I think CJ actually touched on this one a lot. So these are strong engineering teams can enhance product quality and designs. You want to make sure that the personnel that you 're interacting with, that they, you know, that they're really experts that you're interacting with, right? You want to make sure they have experience in your product category that it's a good product fit for their capabilities and that they are suitable then to scale with you and maybe even expand on your product line in the future. You want them to be in sharing with you what risks there may be in your design and in the production plan so that you're proactively able to address these things so that you don't end up in a tight spot later on. Yeah. And then when it comes to testing samples, finally, you want to talk to the factory about what they're testing their products for, what the different steps are, what the different specifications and standards are for them. You can use this as kind of a stepping stone to add to it with your own experience and what you 
[00:44:01] know that the consumers are going to be doing with the product just to make it more robust and use that to test the product to make sure that you're getting a product that is as reliable and stable as could possibly be. Okay. Awesome. Awesome. I think this was a great one and, you know , I hope that, you know, this was like useful for people, especially for ones that are like really trying to like figure this out on their own. I think like this could be, you know, this could be a really good foundation for you in performing due diligence with your suppliers. So stay tuned. There's more modules to come and all right, looking forward to the next one. 