
[00:00:00] All right. Welcome. Yeah. So we're going to do a module on how to perform quality control with manufacturers and really just like take people kind of through the process of like, you know, things that you need to know whether you have people on the ground or you're doing this yourself and operating remotely. There's various different QC systems that you could have in place. So we'll dive into it right now and you know, just show you also what the challenges are with it and and we'll go from there. So CJ, I'll let you kick it off with why quality control matters. Yeah. So quality control matters because it doesn't matter how good of a product you've developed or how well you're selling it. If you ignore quality control from the beginning, you're susceptible to widespread defects. O ftentimes, it's not discovered until after shipments arrive or they're in customer's hands and you're starting to get feedback. So in this module, we're going to go over things you can do and steps you can take to make sure that the proper quality measures are in place before you start production, how you should go about testing before you get into production and just really how to navigate the quality control aspect of working with manufacturers. Yeah, Chris, from like your experience, like, you know, what kind of like systems or anything in general? Yeah, did you want to have in place that you feel was just like very like beneficial? Because like a lot of times you were also like operating remotely. Yeah, look, I think that there's a couple of different things that I would 
[00:02:03] mention. As we're talking about quality control, quality control is a process that doesn't just happen at one point in production. Quality control is something that takes place over the entire supply chain. And so it's important to have processes in place, not just domestically on the US side or at the factory, at the manufacturer abroad, but it's important that each step along that way you have these different checkpoints, these QC checkpoints to make sure that you're truly understanding where, if there are quality issues, they're actually occurring. So you might be manufacturing your product in Shenzhen, but there, and you have the assembly taking place at this factory for your gadget product, let's say, but some of the componentry you might have a supplier for a speaker, you might have a supplier for the battery, you've got all of these different components, you might have a separate injection factory even. And so all of these parts will then get brought over to the assembly factory. And there could have been something wrong with the componentry being provided to the manufacturer. And so that can also create issues, right? You might have a complaint to your manufacturer about the product, and then about the product that they shipped out. But in reality, there was some problem also with the sub componentry that they had ordered. And so it adds a lot of complexity then to managing issues when they arise if you don't have the appropriate processes in place up front. And so what I recommend is for all key componentry , you have some sort of OQC outgoing quality inspection at your sub manufacturer, you have IQC incoming 
[00:04:00] quality control at your actual assembly factory. And then, of course, you have inline and final inspections as well at your actual manufacturer, right? And what that will help to do is it's going to help to spell out where along the supply chain there are problems. And that's essential, right? When something goes wrong, you need to be able to identify what that root causes, and then what were the contributing factors to, you know, what were the conditions that created that issue? Yeah, so it's really important when you're setting up the OQC and IQC with your sub vendors to the final assembly factory that everyone's on the same page with the same specifications, and that all of your sub vendors know what the function and assembly of that part is eventually going to be that way. There are no surprises if anything ever pops up. Cool. All right, so let's say, yeah, talk about the initial evaluation of product, you know, of doing like a QC when it's arriving the factory. Yeah, so you're going to want to meet with the factory and see who their, you know, who their quality manager is, who manages the quality department. Oftentimes, there 's going to be, you know, a production manager that's in charge of the whole line, and they have a separate quality department. And that manager generally reports to the production manager who works with the engineers and all of the sub vendors and everything. So you want to just go and see who that person is, what type of experience they have, the type of documentation that they are creating, and work with him to set the specifications on exactly what your expectations are for the product. Yeah, I would say also that it's absolutely essential that not only do you have physical product in hand, wherever you're located around the world, right? Not only do you have physical product that you would say is 
[00:06:03] like a golden sample. So like reflective of the exact product, proper function, everything that you're satisfied with, it's also important that your manufacturer has golden samples as well in hand so that they have that as a constant reference to compare, to benchmark themselves against. Yeah, so once you've analyzed the factory procedures, the next step is going to be talk, going and actually looking at the production line and seeing what other processes they have in place, for example, there might be certain lighting required and how far away from the light they're looking at the product, how far away it is from their face, identifying what types of blemishes would be considered a go-no-go type of blemish. I think we're going to talk a lot about go-no-go here and how to define what that actually looks like and how to use that process and implement it with your factories. Okay, so now, let's try to switch gears a little bit and just go over just some best practices and we could tailor it a little bit more to the community that's kind of doing stuff remotely in addition to if they have teams on the ground and try to. So if you're managing quality control at the factory level, there's a bunch of different ways to do it remotely, right? All these things that we just talked about, like identifying the processes, these are all questions you're going to have to ask upfront when you're vetting a supplier before you go into production with them. After you've started production with them, if you can't be on the ground yourself, you might want to consider working with a sourcing company or a third party and inspection company or maybe even hiring like your own 
[00:08:00] part-time quality control person that's aligned with your goals and your expectations to go and work with the factory for you. Yeah, I also like, I think you bring up the point about how it needs to be done at the factory level. There's a lot of fulfillment companies that are doing some form of QC at the warehouse before things are shipped out. I think we should discuss what are the problems with that and what's not true, like what root issues are not really getting solved when that level of QC is being done. It's more than likely that I'd say that things aren't being done at the factory level. When you're told sometimes that the fulfillment companies prior to working with us, we're doing the QC, but they weren't really talking about the factory actually doing QC. What were the problems you saw with those comments? I think the biggest thing is just the breakdown of communication. If the fulfillment companies are doing the purchasing or sourcing for you and then they're saying that you have these quality defects that just keep popping up batch after batch, it's like who were they actually reporting these issues to and then who is responsible for getting down to the root cause of the issue. If you just have an account manager or a fulfillment company that's telling you they have these defects and that account manager is just dealing with the sales rep either at a trading company that's the middle man between them and the factory or a sales rep at the factory, but no real conversation is being had between the person identifying the defects and the people responsible for quality control at the factory to really dial in that root cause, then you're just opening yourself up to repeat issues. Yeah, exactly. If you're not understanding, like if you don't understand the 
[00:10:03] root cause, there's also a possibility that you end up in a situation where it's kind of like a he says, she says issue where, for example, the factory might say, oh, when we shipped out the product was fine. There was no cosmetic defect on the product. Maybe you were just handling it and maybe you didn't handle the product properly when you brought it into your warehouse. There's issues like that that can occur that can have really catastrophic consequences. Yeah, I'm actually thinking about a couple of weeks ago where there is a film company we work with and they were reporting these scratching issues on a gadget. And then just because we know that QC's done at the factory level, we reach out to the factory about it just to be like, hey, what's going on with all these scratches? And then they come back and they're like, wait, what are you talking about? During our QC process, we take pictures of everything and make sure that there are defects like that because if there are, it's like at a very tiny percentage if there are. So it's like they sense us everything. Yeah, I mean, that segue is really nicely into the last point here on the page, which is creating a clear reporting process so that you can, you know what I mean, if you can identify when issues occur throughout the production process, you're going to be much more effective in IDing those root causes. You'll be much more effective in taking corrective actions. You know, so yeah, totally on the same page. Greg, what's funny about that example that you actually just brought up, we caught that fulfillment company in a hard place. In the end, they shipped all of the units back to the factory. They said they checked 100% of them and they were all defective. The factory received them, did a secondary QC where they provided photos and videos and 
[00:12:01] everything again. We found out that most of the units were untouched, had no scratches. We sent the same batch back again and it got checked in and received with no issues after a full inspection again. And so it's like, there's a lot of different games that people play and a lot of politics to be able to navigate this stuff. And that's why it's really important to be able to have direct communication with the person who's responsible for production at the factory. Yeah, exactly, exactly. Yeah, no, that's good. That's good. Okay, great. Yeah, no, I think we definitely got a good sense on that. So let's go over our quality control process and just how people could also apply the same process for themselves and stuff like that. Yeah, number one here is risk and manufacturing risk analysis and acceptance criteria. What is the factory's QC process? So what this refers to, it's absolutely essential as you're getting started with a manufacturer to identify what their procedures are that they have in place. Like, do they have an adequate process in place to identify issues when they occur? Do they have testing equipment on hand to be able to verify, you know, verify theories about the product? Do they have the appropriate personnel to be managing their line and to also be managing this quality control procedure? That's something that can be frequently overlooked, where you might have someone that's, you know, wearing an engineer that's wearing multiple hats, so to speak, and isn't necessarily completely focused on quality. It really is ideal to make sure that there are personnel on site that are focused specifically on QC. And then second, I mean, you know, to this 
[00:14:04] first point, though, it's important that for the risk analysis part, that you're really understanding your product and that if there are any issues that your product could be susceptible to, that your manufacturer could be aware of, that they're communicating that to you. A lot of products and manufacturers will actually have documentation called DFMEAs and PFMEAs. And these refer to like design failure mode analysis and production failure mode analysis. And so what that will do is it will show you, you know, are there, is your product susceptible to have certain types of issues from a design perspective and have those been adequately addressed before going into production? And then second of all, are there specific things with the process where something could go wrong or it's a point that, you know, should be paid closer attention to, right? It could be something as simple as, you know, let's say you have a consumer electronics product and the product has screws in it. There could be a specification for how tightly the screws are screwed in or an epoxy, how much epoxy is used or some specification for the soldering joints on the board on your product, right? So all of these types of processes are essential. And so making sure that your manufacturer not only has that personnel, but the processes on site to be able to manage this is absolutely the first step here and it's extremely important. CJ, you want to cover number two? Yeah, just real quick, before we get into number two, I want to speak a little bit more about how you just mentioned, you know, the theory, the philosophy of the team and then also, you know, some of these documents and things. Well, if you go to a factory that could present you with all of this, but if you don't have the adequate 
[00:16:02] experience to understand it and have real conversations with them about it and make sure that every detail is being covered, then, you know, you're also kind of opening yourself up to risk because you might say like, oh, they seem really professional and like everything seems to be really thought out and you can kind of take that for granted. And so it's really important that you think deeply about it and that you might want to consult someone else who has a bit more experience with engineering, production and things like that to make sure that they're thinking of every step. Otherwise, there is some risk that can happen on the back end. And the same thing goes with our second point here for production supervision. It's like, are they actually, once they provide all of these documents, like, are they actually using them? Like, if you go into a factory for a spot check during production and you see someone else's product that's not even on the line and like, those are the spec sheets that are taped up to the assembly line. Like, I've seen that countless times where I go in and I'm like, like, I got a tail is all this time. Yeah, I'm like, guys, like, how do you even know how to do this? Like, the spec sheets haven't even been like, you know, switched out to the proper product and things like that. And so those are the types of things that you want to look for. And those are the kinds of questions that you want to ask. It's like, okay, when do the spec sheets on the production line get switched out? Who is responsible for doing that? And you really just want to follow that process and make sure that they're doing it a good way to do it remotely is to just ask them for photos and videos of every single batch of production that's going on so that you can see, okay, this person, you'll start to know it's like, okay, this person is the one that does the screws, you 'll know that face and then you'll see the spec sheet and like, you'll know what you're looking for and we'll be able to start to kind of draw the right patterns. So I mean, that would be kind of my advice to do that remotely. Yeah, number three, here's final product inspection. How are you ensuring the final products being packed that's being packaged is totally acceptable, establish go no go systems. So I think we already talked about making sure that 
[00:18:02] they're, you know, the appropriate documentation on hand from like a spec perspective. It's important to have your golden samples on hand during production. As you go through the process of production, even the pre production process, and you begin to see some samples coming off the line, there's going to be certain, maybe there's certain blemishes or imperfections on the product that are extremely minor that you're okay with. And then other times, there's certain things that can happen in production that you would consider as critical failure that you can't accept. As you go through this process and you see units coming off of their line, you can begin to establish acceptance criteria. You can establish kind of these go no go systems where it's like, look, you know, we've seen this type of thing occur before. It's very minor and this is okay. This type of, you know, this type of minor cosmetic mark might be acceptable. But if it gets to this level, look at this reference sample here, that's not acceptable. Right. And so by establishing this acceptance criteria, it helps to equip the manufacturer with clear guidelines on what you're going to accept and what you're not going to accept. And it will allow them to enforce this more effectively in production. Yeah, speaking on final product inspections, right, like what you were just talking about with scratches and things like that, it's you need to be as specific as possible. Like for example, if it's a one millimeter wide by five millimeter long scratch , just for example, like that's acceptable. But if it's 1.5 millimeters wide, then that's unacceptable. And so you really need to like go down to the millimeter or even fraction of the millimeter with your specifications on this, when you're establishing the go no go systems. Generally, that's like for things like packaging or gadgets, things 
[00:20:04] that have like, you know, plastic surfaces, metal surfaces, surface finishes, things like that. That's a little bit different when it goes comes to like Nutra and skincare or, you know, beauty products. I mean, of course, like the packaging and stuff is all still pretty applicable. But oftentimes what the factories will do is they'll do a pilot batch beforehand with the exact raw materials that are supposed to be used at a smaller scale. And then they'll mix it and then they'll test it and make sure that the texture matches or the flavor matches the golden sample for if it's like a gummy or that the color is right, if it's like a powder in a capsule or, you know, like a color cosmetic or things like that. And like those are the types of reports and questions you need to be asking before each production batch is like, okay, have you done your certificate of analysis on this? Have you gone through and actually like remeasured all the ingredients and like made sure that all of your machines are calibrated to go and mix it the way that we need to get it done before you go into production? And then can you show us the sample and what the test results were before you go ahead and clear another mass production. And then the same thing goes for electronics really like when you're doing final inspection for electronics, generally like with IQC coming in, you'll take, you know, a set portion of batteries, which is going to be something that you and the factory agree on, they'll probably have a standard you might want them to do more or less. But then they'll go and do like accelerated age testing where basically what they're doing is charging the batteries as fast as possible and then letting it drain as fast as possible. And we'll do that for like 80 cycles or 100 cycles or something like that. And then they'll measure the max capacity, we'll measure the max voltage and things like that. And then there's all kinds of different things for like different switches or buttons or like charging cables and things like that just to make sure that each batch is consistent and matches with the standard. If they find an issue when they're doing like the accelerated age testing process with the random spot checks, then generally they're going to reject the entire batch back to the sub vendor 
[00:22:00] and then make them do a full new QC process on it before they can start production. And so things like that can also give you delays and it's really important to know what's going on and when that's happening in the process. Yeah, I mean, it's great once you've established the acceptance criteria and you are specific enough. It does also help when you're talking about like discussions about debit notes or chargebacks to your manufacturer for defects because then you've already outlined these agreed upon issues. So any escapes from that quality process is much more clearly and squarely their responsibility. So that's great. Yeah, so after the final product inspection, the next would just be approval to ship. They would show you however many units selected, like let's say you want them to pull five random units. The only problem with that and this is where you really need unbiased boots on the ground for is because they can just go ahead and pull five perfect units to give you a look at. But the rest of the batch could have issues. So it's really important that you have someone you trust that can go through and actually pull a few random units and give them a check before you send them out. I mean, this is something that we at Canary always do when we have, you know, big orders going on is we'll go to the factory in the middle of production, sometimes even unannounced. We just walk into the production room and we see what's going on. We start picking stuff up and really just kind of making a mess and giving them a headache about, you know, how they're going about things and just making sure that the processes are being followed. Yeah, I mean, it's also really important, I think, to mention like it's it's not ideal to only have one quality touch point then one QC touch point when you're in production because let's just give like, let's just imagine a scenario where you have a very important shipment. Maybe you're shipping to retail or you're doing a product launch that 
[00:24:00] you've been marketing now for weeks and weeks weeding up to a big event and you haven 't conducted any QC processes in production, but then you go to inspect just before shipping out and suddenly you discover there's a problem. Maybe your factory is cooperative, right? Maybe they really want to fix the problem, right? And make things right. But because of the timing and because your ship date is so quickly approaching, they're just not able to completely rework the production and get it shipped back out in time. So it's really essential to make sure that you have those touch points leading up to production and then also have some form of an inline QC procedure to identify these issues as early as possible. So you don't end up in a really precarious spot right before your ship date. You might even have your vessel booked and scheduled and you just can't make it because of your quality issue you encounter last second. Alright, so let's go into just some of the risk analysis and production supervision. So touched on some of this already, but whatever we haven't touched on, we could dive in a little bit about that. Yeah, I mean, we went through this briefly on the last slide, but it's really important. So we'll reiterate some of the key, you know, takeaways here from this. And so you want to make sure you understand the risks and you want to make sure that you have the documents available on the production line every time that your stuff is getting produced. The QC documents are something that needs to be created in collaboration between you as the brand owner and the product seller and the factory as the person who's responsible for delivering the production and the quality control. That way everyone is clear on the specifications and defects can be easily called 
[00:26:04] out. You want to make sure that the team is trained and that they're following the instructions that are given to them. So once you have that defined, you're kind of set up your clear go no go. There is a little bit of a gray area with the go no go. I guess that 's kind of why it exists where it's like, okay, obviously you want it perfect, but having something 100% perfect is not conducive to an efficient production process. And so sometimes you have to give a little bit. And that's where we talked about, okay, maybe a mill imeter scratch is okay. But once it's a millimeter and a half, like that's a no go, right? Ideally like zero millimeters scratches it being being nonexistent is, of course, ideal , but not always possible. So sometimes concessions need to be made. Just make sure that everyone's clear on what the go no go means. And then for reports and evidence, just get as much photos and videos of the process for every batch as you can, especially if you can't be there. If you can go by yourself or if you need to hire someone to go, that can be unbiased and do it, that's probably the best bet. And then one question I want to ask is if you're like a beginner, because I think some of the stuff we're talking about could be a little bit advanced. But like, if you're a beginner and you don't really know, like, for example, like a QC template, like it does sound like more in depth and, you know, professional than what it is. But like, you know, see, like CJ, when you started, you know, in this space, you were 18 years old, right? You didn't know anything, you're just kind of learning on the go. So maybe just like think about yourself, like when you're that age and you move to China and you were deal, you were you were dealing with QC process for the brand you were working with. So yeah, like what would be what would be some just like real basic advice you can give on just 
[00:28:01] having some level of QC and just try to dumb it down a little bit. Yeah, I would I would say just stay as patient and involved as possible. So as as a brand owner and seller, you're really going to want to put yourself in the shoes of your consumer and think about how they're going to be using the product. Some things that they might be interacting with using the product that the factory might not think about, right? The factory might just be running through their standard process and like overlooking a key element of like the function of the product. And so just be open minded and patient and like walk them through some of the ideas that you have. Once once you understand what their QC process is and they can explain you step by step, really think about it and say, say to yourself, like, Okay, is this step even relevant to what the end user is going to be thinking about or interacting with when they use the product? And then just give your ideas and try to be as specific as possible about how they can change up some of their testing procedures to more reflect what the user is going to be experiencing. Right. Right. So now let's let's discuss like just like common mistakes in just like China quality control and just like how you know how people could be avoiding them. Yeah, so here's some here's three major ones. I mean, I think that the good news is all of these are pretty avoidable. So the three that we've have listed here, not properly evaluating supply or credibility. It's important that you're conducting the appropriate amount of due diligence on a supplier when you decide that you're going to be working with them. It's helpful if you look at what their experience is, you know, have they produced this type of product before? You know, you definitely want to be working with a manufacturer that operates in the appropriate category. Sometimes I'll hear from people who talk 
[00:30:01] about a product that they're making and they it's like an immediate red flag when they talk about making a certain type of, let's say, let's say it's like a gadget type product and they're making it in an unusual area of China that might not have like the appropriate infrastructure to make that type of a product. Right. That one's like an immediate red flag. So it's good to make sure that your suppliers experience lines up with the product that they're looking to make. Checking certifications and track records. The more certifications that a supplier has, it's definitely a good sign that they take quality control that they take quality seriously. You want to work with factors that have capabilities to be able to deliver that consistent quality and that goes into what we had mentioned earlier about having these different processes and personnel in place. Sorry, CJ, you were going to say something. Yeah, I was going to chime in on the certifications there a little bit. I mean, you know, like GMPC stands for, you know, good manufacturing practice, right? Certification. And ISO is another really interesting one to look at because these are ISO is like a certification that actually goes. It's a company that specializes in quality control and they'll go and do an audit on the entire process and make sure that from design to shipping that all of the processes are in line with a certain number of an ISO certification, whether it's a medical device or an electronic or health and beauty supplements, like there's generally an ISO category for all of these different things where they have a process that you need to do a line with. And so that's another great spot to start with. If you're a beginner, she's kind of familiar ized yourself with some of these different resources available and then communicate with your factory about what they have. And if you need them to get something specific, then you could you could also talk to them about that. It's definitely a nice litmus test that you can 
[00:32:04] look at right off the bat. If your factory has ISO 9001, you know that they have certain quality procedures, like their quality management processes that they have on their side are going to be robust enough to be able to get that type of a certification. So it is a nice litmus test. And like you had said, different industries do have these different areas of ISO certification. So, you know, if you're working on a medical device of any kind and your manufacturer has ISO 13485, you know for a fact that they have a robust enough process in place to be able to support what you need from like a quality management perspective, at the very least. Yeah, after that, it's really just making sure that again, like I was just talking about with the coming from the perspective of a user, you might have to insert different steps and things here that aren't covered along that process, but things that you would like to be tested just because you know how the product is going to be used. And then, you know, you might not even think about that without being able to go and do like onsite inspections or things like that. So it's really, it's really important to be as hands-on as possible. Oh, can you go back to the last slide there? Yeah. Sorry. Yeah. Number two here , not performing onsite inspections. So I mean, this is something, you know, that I think that we talked about, but not having a physical, any kind of physical presence that's inspecting at the factory. That's, you know, of course, a common pitfall for people that are rushing to get their product out the door, but it's absolutely essential to have some form of onsite inspections to verify quality issues before they leave the factory. The last thing you want to do is have a product that you've invested your time, effort, money and reputation on 
[00:34:00] that fails when it gets into the hands of customers. Right. Yeah. Also, like, you know, sometimes, you know, like, you, you're not, yeah, because like that's, and that's why we say like you got to be doing like QC at the factory level. So, you know, if you're dealing directly with the factory, you know, making sure that there are, you know, videos and pictures being taken. It's up to you how like, how involved you want to be in their production process. Like, I remember in the beginning, like, when I was doing it remotely for a little while, like, I was just trying to have them send me like their production plan just because I'm like, cool, like, what is the process of like how you produce everything. And then like, once I, once I understand that more, I'm like, okay, great. So like, there are these like stages, like where you're like receiving things and, and then you're performing things. So I'm like, okay, cool. I want to see pictures and videos of when you receive this, when, you know, when it performs. So it's like, if you don't know anything, it's like, you kind of got to like, like, talk to them and find out how it all works. And then after you figure out how it all works, it's like, oh, now I know that I could like just check, like do these checks. And then going to the point of not being able to be there before, you know, they, they finished like doing some onsite inspection. Okay. So like, you know, pictures and video thing, of course , can be done before things are done. You, one of the things I did was also, I hired like one of those like third party, like quality control companies. You know, you don't want to like look at every single product or it does get expensive, especially like if you 're doing some kind of small order, like it just won't make sense. But you can have them just do like a random check and try to keep that the cost of using a company like that, like keep it down. So I maybe just happened to random checks of like 10%. You know, and like that company will be like more per, you know, will be like a little bit more 
[00:36:01] systematic in the way they do it. So like they're going to like, you know, they'll send you like a report, they'll tell you some pictures, they'll say what they saw what, you know, of the, of the 20 they pulled out out of a out of 100, you know, like this is kind of the percentage of these issues for a stat, those issues. And then like, so if you're dealing with a source and company, like, you know, there's some QC measures you're able to take with them. Or if you have somebody in house, now you have like a bit more control over what you have them do, just you got to you got to remember like if you do have someone in house that's going to be on the ground there, like this is stuff that you need to be asking like before you even hire them because like if they don't know anything about quality control, they're not going to really know what to do. They're not going to know what to prepare for you. And then it's just going to be you like finding your way with them. And you know, it could just get a little challenging because now you're just spending a lot of work like, or a lot of sorry, a lot of time doing a lot of work, like, you know, coaching them through it, because they're not really like thinking on their own. I think that's more of like an issue in like the education system, like in terms of like how that goes. So, it is important if you do have someone in house and on the ground that they do have like level of experience with this, you know, that's why like, you know, off the bat, like , for us, if we ever hire anyone, like they have to have five, five to seven years experience. Otherwise, it's just like too much learning at the beginning. So, okay. And then just like leaving quality control, like solely to the suppliers. So, do you want to just like touch on just an experience that you had in the past, like when you did that and what was kind of like the learning? Yeah, sure. So, back many, you know, many years ago, maybe I think it was 
[00:38:01] probably at this point eight years ago or so, I was manufacturing some soft goods, some plush products. And I was the supply chain for the product was we were manufacturing like the final , like the actual final product was coming out of the Dongguan area. And throughout that process, you know, you have to order fabric and you get the fabric. The fabric was actually sent over from Hunan. And it was being like stitched together in Hunan and then being sent down for stuffing over in the Dongguan area. And the manufacturer actually, they really did generally take their quality control pretty seriously. And they had some processes in place for inline evaluations. But there were problems that were occurring along the supply chain, where as they were getting their product stitched together up in Sichuan , there was less than or sorry, up in Hunan, there was less than ideal execution on some of like the they were like embroidery issues. And there was also just like the actual stitch joints on the on the plush were coming out less than ideal. And so when the product was getting in to the final like the final Dongguan facility, there were QC issues on site that became really, really difficult for them to manage. So even though we, you know, they took their quality control seriously, and even though we had a third party conducting these inspections, it wasn't, it wasn't sufficient to effectively eliminate the problems without kind of having a deeper dive over at the first facility, right? And this if we hadn't had some 
[00:40:01] kind of third party there, some sort of like the 3P quality control there, assessing what the root cause was, I think it would have taken a lot longer to figure out where the failure was occurring, right? And this is in the example of a manufacturer that's being cooperative. You know, you definitely, that's not always the case, right? So I can imagine that if you have a manufacturer could be disposed to try their best to ship product out, right? Even though there could be some minor quality issues. So it's good to make sure you have an impartial third party there to, you know, to verify and to hold to that benchmark standard that you're establishing. Cool. Cool. So yeah, let's, CJ, why don't you dive into some of the challenges with quality control, you know, that some of the stuff that you've experienced or some of the things that you notice even when we take clients on trips? Yeah, language and communication is a huge one, right? You're almost never going to run into a quality manager that's bilingual. So if you can't speak the language, you're going to be speaking through someone who maybe doesn't understand technical terms, right? And so if you're, if you're talking about like, you know, the tolerance on the injection mold is, you know, too, too large or whatever, and like they don't understand what you're saying and then they have to go and communicate that. And that's just like a pretty basic example. You could lose a lot of time, right? I'm trying to communicate the issue that you're seeing across to the person who really needs to understand what's going on. So you often find yourself like drawing a lot of pictures or like showing him things and like measuring stuff and like pointing and it just takes a lot to deal with. That's honestly why I became fluent in Mandarin 
[00:42:00] because I was sick of dealing with that after about two weeks. So I kind of forced myself into learning it because it was just, it's very frustrating, right? So misunderstandings happen all the time. Breakdowns and communication happen all the time because not everyone that generally, generally like when you're dealing with people in China, if they're speaking English, they know what they've learned from being on the job, but they don't really like have a passion or deep understanding of the technology behind a product, right? That 's what I've found at least in my experience with most bilingual representatives at factories. Sometimes you get like an engineer that's the founder of the factory that speaks English and you kind of hit a jackpot with those, right? It's kind of the type of people we look for . But language is a huge issue. We talked a lot about the second challenge here, which is knowing how to set expectations and being able to respond quickly to issues. I mean, if you 're a beginner, knowing how to set expectations is a long process. You're going to have to kind of get some experience under your belt and know exactly what you're looking for. You 're going to have to go and have a lot of hands on time and then training with them again on letting them know what the end user experience needs to be and then explaining the things that they need to be looking out for because their ideas might not be aligned with what your expectations are. And then, of course, doing all of that remotely is the cherry on top of the whole challenge that you're doing with all of the language and communication barriers . You're unsure of if your expectations are actually being heard and implemented. And then you're doing it from far away. And so those are the main challenges we call it control . Yeah, some of the difficulty in supervising production remotely that we touched on, like, you know, of course, it's good to work with trustworthy manufacturers. But like 
[00:44:01] we had talked about with some of the incentives, right, when you're working on a product and you're quoted a cost for your product and your manufacturers producing according to that cost, and then suddenly they realize that it's a more involved challenge to try to ensure consistent high quality of your product, right? And so they have to implement new processes that can affect their cycle time for manufacturing your product, right? Suddenly, and that adds up over time, right? So as you think about producing hundreds, thousands, tens, hundreds of thousands of your product, and they have to then pay that to run their machines for longer. They have to pay their employees for longer. They have to train their employees or maybe even hire on some QC, QA, QC personnel who ensure that level of quality, it adds fixed and variable costs to their equation. And I'm sure that when they've quoted you a certain price, you're expecting quality to begin with , right? And so it's important to remember then that there's like there is that kind of intersection point, that conflict, naturally, between the fact that it will cost them money to potentially to ensure this level of quality and to ensure that you're getting what you need , right? So that's why it is helpful to have that additional level of supervision on site, whether it's through sourcing company or through someone on your team that's able to go in or through third party inspection firms to make sure that these processes are in place and that they're being regularly utilized. I have a great real life example, actually, from a recent client that came to 
[00:46:02] us, he was selling an EMS device and he had a quality issue where people were having allergic reactions. And so he found out about us, hit us up, wanted to come out to China. We took them to a few different spots to go and check out what was up with these patches. And when we were speaking with the owner of the One Factory, who's an amazing engineer, he was explaining that they have three or four different suppliers for patches, but only one of them has almost zero complaints for allergic reactions. And they're 30 to 40% more expensive for that patch. And so they let their customers know that, but it took a lot of trial and error , obviously, for them to get to that point. But like he said, some people are still wanting to cut corners and take the cheaper ones. Some people are willing to pay the price and get the more expensive ones, but those are the types of things you see after trial and error with QC that can affect your pricing. You might have to switch sub vendors, you might have to switch materials, and it could affect your price. So really try to keep an open mind and offer the best product available. And then if the price goes up a little bit and the price goes up a little bit, at the end of the day, we're all here to scale long-term sustainable businesses. All right, so yeah, just to wrap this up, I just think some key takeaways. And I know the content for something like this is dense. So if you have to reach out to us about any questions or just ask about your situation or what was the answer, see she's always on Discord in the community. So he's able to address anything. But quality control in China, it's not like a set it and forget it system. You do need to have a lot of oversight. 
[00:48:00] And I do think that on-site supervision greatly reduces risk. You don't have to check every single order. That's not what this is really about. Otherwise, you're creating this full-time job. And I remember when I was getting a little too micromanage-y with it, I'm like, why am I spending so much time? You've just got to do it randomly. You've got to have your systems in place. You've got to have your checkpoints. You've got to keep in the beginning maybe do a lot because you want to keep them automatic with the system you have for them. But when you have people on the ground, it just removes a lot of that annoying time you're spending. Now you can just focus on the marketing and scaling. And then just making sure you're partnering with the right people to handle it. It could be a company like us. It could be someone that you hire in-house. It could be another sourcing company. But you can't really have a factor as a partner to perform QC for you because the interests aren't necessarily going to be aligned there. Trade companies, they're just not as transparent because sometimes they just post to the factory. So there are good ones out there. So I'm not going to say don't work with a trade company. But the ones that are a bit more transparent in a way they are functioning like a sourcing company too. But don't work with a fulfillment company to handle your QC because they do get paid to ship your product. Right, exactly. That's the fundamental conflict against how they make money. Yeah, yeah, exactly. And I think that's kind of like the mindset that we are trying to break here. So yeah, I think this was a pretty good topic and we'll go into the next one. 