
[00:00:00] For the next module that we prepared, it is going to be on product compliance, testing, and manufacturing agreements. This module is going to be done by four of us. We have Jonathan McDoule with us. He is a co-founder at Canary and my business partner. No, John, since I'm like 13 years old, so he's also my best friend. But John's with us as well for this module. So you could say hi, John, real quick. Good to be here. All right, cool. All right, so yeah, so we're going to kick this off. Let's get into it now. All right. Yeah, so we're going to start off about why compliance matters. So it's important for protecting your brand, your customers, and your business. Starting off, regulatory risk is real. CPSC, which is Consumer Product Safety Commission, FDA Food and Drug Administration, FCC, Federal Communications Commission, and there's many more acronyms of regulatory agencies as well, depending on the product category. But customs can actually seize non-compliant products. So that would be, of course, an extremely concerning issue if your goods weren't even able to make it into the market that you're trying to import into. Also, on the sales side, different retailers, for example, Amazon, could require compliance documentation. So for example, if you don't have the documents, you might not even be able to make a listing for your product. So it's good to do this type of research up front. You wouldn't want to produce your product, mass produce it, and then not be able to sell it into your intended sales channels. Then finally, just from a safety and peace of mind perspective, it's good to conduct the required testing for your product. So you can make sure that your product is what you're claiming that it is, that it's safe for use, 
[00:02:01] and that you have some peace of mind that if customers were to run into issues with your product, you would have some basic protection of your documentation showing that you did conduct the appropriate testing for your product category. So again, like here at the end here, compliance isn't a cost, it's insurance. I think that I couldn't stress that enough. Yeah, and then to add to this, there's a lot of misinformation floating around regarding compliance. Oftentimes, we speak with our clients, and they say, oh, they heard from a friend or someone in a group somewhere that you can do things a certain way, maybe that they know someone that was able to slip through the cracks. One of the most common mistakes I see is having things not labeled as made in China when it's going to the US market, and people come to us, and they say, oh, I've heard from so-and-so that this is totally OK, so it matters. Just do real due diligence, and not just rely on friends or people who have maybe seen some success, but didn't necessarily do it in a fully buttoned up way. Yeah. All right, moving on to skincare compliance and testing overview. Yes, CJ, you want to give the rundown with this one? Yeah, so for this, I kind of just want to start talking about what some of this all means, just at a higher level, right? There's a lot of confusion about what FDA registration actually means, what GMPC actually means, and then why it matters when it comes to skincare. So when you're making a skincare product, the facility should be FDA registered, meaning that your contract manufacturer that you're working with to make the skincare product is registered with the FDA. That's all it means, is like, hey, we're a factory. We're registered at the FDA. We have a number, and we're in a database somewhere. 
[00:04:00] So any products that you buy from us can be referenced back to us as being the contract manufacturer. It doesn't mean that it's an FDA approved product, which requires a lot more testing in cooperation with the FDA to prove its efficacy. And then it just becomes a completely different product. So the registration and being FDA approved are two completely different things. GMPC, it's a good manufacturing practice certificate, which just means that you follow a standard set by a governing body in terms of cleanliness, quality control, production management, and various other things. There are also a lot of other required testing that you'll need, whether it's for export or import to different markets like microbiology, just making sure that whatever formula you're putting together isn't growing some sort of weird bacteria, molds, mildews, anything like that. Stability that it actually holds up over time on the shelf. It's not going to expire. It's not going to turn into something harmful. Also, this ties into this last bullet point here with compatibility, meaning that whatever packaging you're putting it into isn't going to have some sort of reaction with it, which, again, is also the challenge test with the preservative efficacy. So just making sure that whatever you're making long time is going to be able to be stable. Claims with compliance is something that you need to really be careful with on your packaging and especially in your marketing. Even if your packaging is fully compliant with the claims that you're making on it, one wrong add with a guarantee that you're going to fix a condition for someone or something like that can get you into some trouble. And then country of origin, specifically in the US, 
[00:06:01] is also very important when it comes to customs regulation and then some other regulatory bodies as well. All right, let's dive into supplements. I'll let you continue. Yeah, so the FDA facility registration is very similar to skin care. It just means that the facility is registered so that you have some sort of paper trail going back to the product that you're selling to the contract manufacturer you're working with. As a brand owner, you are putting your name on the product and you are going to be the one who is ultimately responsible for selling the product and anything that happens. We're going to get into master service agreements and manufacturing agreements a little bit later in this presentation, but even with one of those in place, unless something that happens is specifically listed in there, the liability is going to fall on the brand. So having that paper trail to go back to the factory that you were working with is really important. NDI notifications, this is for things like if it's made in a facility that processes peanuts or fish or is vegan or not, things like that is definitely something that's popular on supplements. I don't know if it's necessarily required, but you don't want to put something on there without being able to actually verify it. Like you don't want to say something's vegan if you can't actually go and like prove that it's vegan with some sort of certificate. To see it, CJMP, we spoke about that in the skin care slide before. Same thing, good manufacturing practice. It's just a really solid certificate to have when making supplements, skin care, and even some electronics products 
[00:08:01] that just kind of governs their entire process of manufacturing. Required testing is pretty similar here with microbiology, just making sure there's nothing like weird growing in the supplement. Heavy metals is a unique one to supplements because there can be certain heavy metals that leach into the product from the extraction process of getting the raw materials or in the processing phase due to maybe some volatility or solvents that are being used and the machinery that is being used to make it, right? So you could end up with lead, mercury, and then some of these weird heavy metals in your formula. Identity testing, so verifying ingredients can be a little bit tricky when it comes to supplements, depending on the process. Sometimes the DNA of the actual ingredients can get damaged, and so even with some of the more renowned third-party testing labs like SGS, InterTech, Eurofins, and guys like that, when we go to them with certain products, they tell us that there's no way for them to actually verify the ingredients that are in there. So it's really important that you work with your factory and understand what their quality control process is and make sure that you're involved in that process along the way to understand that they're actually putting in what you say is going into the product and that they're following your specifications. And you can also outline that in a master service agreement or a manufacturing contract, which we'll get into a little bit later. Certificate of analysis, this is standard. This is something that a lot of factories actually like to do themselves. Some factories will have in-house labs that will produce their own COAs, but to protect yourself, it's always better to send a sample batch from each production batch that you're making to a third-party lab 
[00:10:00] to do your own COAs. Good labs to do that with would be like SGS, Eurofins, InterTech, those are probably the big three for those, but don't trust your manufacturer alone to give you those certificates. With the claims, how long do you think that process typically takes like that testing process? Yeah, a COA usually takes like five to seven business days out here in China. OK. Got it, five to seven business days soon. Yeah. OK. Yeah, and then I would say like also just-- this is like when you start thinking about doing like third-party testing, we're dealing with like sensitive products like supplements or even skincare. Like this is where like having like, you know, product liability insurance or general liability just becomes like something to be thinking about. Like again, like, I mean, a lot of people in the e-commerce don't do it because it's just another cost, but you know, that's like another area of protection for you, especially like when there are, you know, some factories you could be working with where you're not getting like full transparency. So it just says adding like another layer of protection is always good for you. But like this is like when you're running through the CJ, this is kind of like what would prompt us to say like, you know, like these are some other things that you should think about with your business when you're trying to just mitigate some risk. My ability insurance, I think it's just great for peace of mind as well. And look, you might not be able to protect yourself from what to just people who are trying to, you know, that are trying to sue you, but the very least you can win, right? Or like even if you are, if you, and if you've gone, like you can win if you've gone through the appropriate compliance measures, right? And then alternatively, like if there's a situation 
[00:12:02] where having prevented something did happen and you did lose a lawsuit and there was something to do with, you know, your claims you were making or errors or omissions and what you've been communicating and advertising, there are specific insurances that, you know, depending on what your general liability insurance includes, they could include provisions for those things. And so you'll have a little bit more peace of mind and some baseline protection, you know, this insurance might cost a couple hundred dollars a month overall for everything, but it might end up saving you millions down the road. So something to think about. - Yeah, for sure, no, totally. I do have one more question. I know there's like this couple more points that you probably want to cover, but just like what, like what are like the most common situations you see CJ when like we're usually onboarding someone for the first time and like maybe they're coming over from working with like a trade company, we see that a lot or working with like these like fulfillment companies that do sourcing. What are kind of like the surprises that brands will see when we're like trying to explain to them like some of the compliance stuff we want them to handle in the beginning? - Something I see a lot is having different prices for factories that can offer certain certifications, right? And so if you're asking for certifications from a trading company or a fulfillment company, I've heard, you know, it takes a long time to get them. And then once you get them, the prices change and they say, oh, it's the same factory, but if you want it with the FDA register registration, then it's a different price, but it's the same factory. And like that just doesn't make any sense. Like the factories either registered or not. And so the waters get a little bit murky there. I see that one probably the most often. You know, part of our due diligence process is making sure that every factory that we work with 
[00:14:01] is FDA registered and has a GMPC. And that would mean that all of their raw materials that they're sourcing are coming with COAs that they're able to provide us so that we know what they're putting into the product is a real ingredient and also where it comes from, right? And so, yeah, most of the people that come to us, they just don't really have that clarity. And when they ask for it, it takes a long time and then the prices start to change. And so it's really important that you ask for those types of things from the beginning. Otherwise, you can find yourself in a mess where you've been selling something that might not be what what you said it was. - Yeah, okay, okay. And then I'll let you pull out, finish off with those like final bullet points and we can move on to another fun product category. - Yeah, so again, like the similarly to skin care, the claims are really important. You can't like make any guarantees. You can't say you're gonna make like any medical changes to a person. So just be really careful with what you put on the packaging. And then also be really careful about the types of ads that you're making and then the claims that you're making there. And then country of origin, again, is super important, especially in the U.S. market. - Okay, cool, cool. Something else I guess to point out with country of origin with skin care and supplements or anything really, especially in the U.S. market, is if you're not sourcing everything 100% from the U.S., meaning that it's all made in the U.S., and you can't say that it's made in the U.S., you could say that it was produced in the U.S. with imported ingredients or something along those lines, but you can't say made in the U.S., unless it's 100% made in the U.S., that include packaging. That does include packaging. No. - There we go, there we go. I like that, good. I think that gives a lot more clarity and now we can dive into what most of our backgrounds are on 
[00:16:04] which is electronics, compliance and testing. - Yeah, CJ, you're gonna have to let us speak. I know you're an expert in this too, but yeah, you'll have to share the spotlight with us. So I'm gonna take this slide. So, but feel free to chime in 'cause I know that you have a ton of experience in this too. So, yeah, electronics, compliance, and testing overview, I wanna try to distinguish like what is required versus what is not, and then like what is effectively a requirement pretty much. So, first off, FCC certification. So, Federal Communications Commission, they require many electronic devices to have FCC certification. So, like you will have, it's supposed to be for like radio emission or electronic devices that would interfere with other devices and if your product falls within, like what they would consider emitting, like emitting radio waves or that would cause interference, you do need to do this testing. It is not optional, it would be mandatory. And you might be surprised certain products that you don't think are emitting radio wave frequencies might be still classified as requiring FCC. Just a story back years ago, I was making flush toys for electronic guards and I was producing for plants versus zombies, these plush that made noise these zombies where if you tore its arm off, it would make noise. And apparently this product required FCC certification. I found out because the third party lab that I was doing the regular testing for was like, hey, you don't have your FCC certification detail on here. And I was like, well, I don't need it. And they're like, you are wrong, you do need it. Please go and get testing now. 
[00:18:01] And this was like right before I was planning to ship. So it caused a huge headache but I would just urge caution and definitely look into whether your product requires FCC certification. It can take a couple of weeks to get. So definitely look into this if you're doing electronics product before you start production. - Yeah. - The second line item here, UL listing. I think that's, is that under underwriters laboratories? I think is what it stands for or what they used to be known as. So this is not a requirement but it may as well be a requirement because retailers like Amazon will ask for these types of UL listing marks. And pretty much what this indicates is that like a product has passed rigorous independent safety testing. It's usually surrounding fire and shock and other hazards. So that's on the UL listing CE marking. So this is a conformity, European conformity mark. And it's required for the EU market. It's not optional. And pretty much for this, this means that you've passed reach and rose and that your product is been tested for any hazardous, particularly flagged hazardous chemicals that were indicated in the EU market is being restricted. And yeah, this is again, this is a mandatory marking if you're selling in the EU, an electronics product. Finally, it's also mandatory for skincare and especially like packaging. Like I know we have some clients that are doing, you know, manufacturing in Europe and we're helping them do packaging in China. And we still need to do the CE markings and certificates on just like the packaging in the boxes before we send it over to get filled in Europe. Interesting, interesting, then product safety testing. 
[00:20:00] So here, this is just a couple. There's so many more tests, but a couple of them that are definitely important to conduct, things like drop tests. This is important because when you're shipping your product internationally, you don't want there to be some situation where, you know, your product functions fine, but then you ship it to a customer and then they get it and it's broken. It doesn't work as intended. The packaging gets severely damaged or things are dislodged from there, you know, from within the package and, you know, you want there to be a better customer experience than that. So it's always important to conduct drop testing on your product. A lot of manufacturers will be able to conduct some drop testing on site at their facility as well so that you can kind of refine your product before you go to a third party lab. So that's on drop testing, battery safety. I mean, there's so many products now that have, that contain lithium ion batteries, like rechargeable batteries in them. And it's important to note, it's important to be buttoned up on the specifications of your batteries and that you're able to kind of easily furnish MSDS forms and other kind of hazardous restricted material documentation that you would need to accompany your shipment. So for example, if you want a shipable product that has a lithium ion battery in it, you don't have this documentation, you won't be able to air freight it, for example. And that could be a huge, a huge headache and it could end up completely ruining a launch plan, right? If you were planning to air freight something, you can't provide the documentation or provide the documentation in a timely manner and you end up missing your product schedule, launch schedule. Then finally, electrical safety and EMC testing, extremely important, but you want to make sure that you can sleep easily, have a peace of mind that your product is actually safe for use, that people aren't going to be shocked by it, that you're mitigating risk of overheating, 
[00:22:02] fire hazard, things like that. Then finally, I know CJ's touched on this several times already, country of origin requirements. This is required, no matter what anyone says. This is mandatory. - Okay. - All right, cool. Good, so that kind of wraps up three categories. I think that most people in E-commerce are dealing with. I know that there's some other categories and people can always reach out to us if they want to dive deeper into the pet category or even in apparel and stuff like that. We're happy to do that if you reach out to us. But let's go into Amazon-specific compliance. Do you want to do this one CJ or do you want me to? - Yeah, I mean, I'll get it going. So, you know, UPCs are going to be required by Amazon. This is probably something you should have anyway. UPCs are just going to make warehousing and inventory tracking a lot easier across the board. But, you know, having a UPC that's a proper UPC and can be scanned as something that Amazon is going to be looking for. Safety documentations like in SDS or MSDS, various test reports or certificates, depending on the product that you need, is going to be something that Amazon is going to look for as well as other retailers. Anyone that is going to be helping you sell or push your product is going to want to have as much documentation and certifications as possible. FDA letters, this can be, you know, in the form of a letter from the factory or from the brand to the factory rather, saying that, you know, we're making this product with this factory and it's for this brand and it's kind of like a brand authorization letter and it's letting them know what the FDA registration number 
[00:24:01] is of the factory, what the FDA registration number is of the product. And those types of details, Amazon is going to need that from you before you can start selling on their platform. There are also all kinds of different category specific requirements from Amazon, Chris, I don't know, you might have a bit more to share there on just like what other categories and things Amazon might be looking for. Yeah, I think that honestly it's best, like when you are planning to launch a product on Amazon, it's good to be, and with any retailer, but especially with Amazon as well, that you're doing your research out front to see like what might be required for that category. Speak with the third party lab, I know that we're talking a little bit more of that in a few, about that in a few minutes. Consulting with experts, I would definitely recommend to give one example, like for children's products, I was importing toys and selling them on Amazon and there is a certain category of consumer product safety testing called ASTM F963 and they're depending on the different functions and features of your product, you might have to conduct certain testing within that ASTM F963 certification area. So there's, for example, certain products have batteries, certain products have batteries that are removable, there's products. So one time, just to kind of give an example, I had consulted with a third party lab on what testing I required, which of course they came back to me, ASTM F963 and I conducted the testing, brought the product in, I was selling it on Shopify, I was selling it to Walmart.com 
[00:26:01] and I was selling it to Toys R Us and I was at that, yeah. That's the giveaway of what time era, when this was wrong, I was selling it to Toys R Us and I was selling it on Amazon. So after about a year of selling the product, Amazon comes back to me and tells me that I'm no longer permitted to sell my product because I never conducted the requisite battery testing for my toy product. I told them that it was not relevant, I responded to Amazon and appealed to the case because they shut down my listing and I told them that batteries are not required for my product category for this, that testing is not required because I don't have the battery as removable, it's installed already. They refused to take my advice, but they reviewed my testing report and then I had to go back to the lab who then did a like a courtesy letter to Amazon telling them that it was not required. They did that free of charge for me because I had already conducted the testing and they wrote to Amazon, they signed the letter saying the testing wasn't required. Amazon begrudgingly reinstated my listing, but it's always important, depending on the product, to be an expert and to always consult with third parties when you can. - Yeah, I wanna touch on UPC because I think that's like actually like, it's an issue we run into kind of all the time because it's useful. I mean, look, like most of the fulfillment companies in China, like they just don't, they just don't even care to use them and where it becomes a problem is when a brand is switching over to a new fulfillment provider that requires it. They don't realize that they need it and a lot of the titles, like just because of cash, 
[00:28:00] like just because of like purchasing cycles, they're trying to like push orders out the door, now you gotta like kind of redesign some of your packaging. Like, just get it, you know, like just have it, like, you know, don't fall into the trap of like following like what the fulfillment companies are requiring or not requiring because it just allows you when you do have to like jump to another fulfillment provider or if you are gonna start going into Amazon, you're already like buttoned up in that area 'cause it's just like time and time again, that's an area and I think you could relate to it, CJ, where like we just, we get stuck with like an order where it's like, wait, you guys need to get that. No, how do I get UPC and it's like, come on, right? - To get a UPC set up an account on GS1 and you will be issued after you make that, you know, after you sign up for that, you can be, you purchase a certain number of UPCs, it's not expensive. - Yep. - And then you are given a bar, a UPC and a corresponding barcode that then can be utilized as you develop your packaging. - Yeah. - It's a very quick process. - Yeah, basic stuff. - Yeah. - So like, you know. - Yep. - Now you can end the barcode in all kinds of useful information. The skew, the color, the size and weight of the package, like it's super helpful for fulfillment and just general inventory tracking purposes and really anything, you can kind of expand a little bit. - The fulfillment companies, like if you go to a 3PL in the US, they'll use that scan, it's like a reference for proof that a shipment went out sometimes or that a unit was packed into the box appropriately, right? So then if you're looking into some issue where, hey, customer received a box and they're saying something wasn't in it, they can reference back to a scan time and everything like that. It's really, yeah, it's really useful to have. - Yeah. - Good. - So yeah, I think that that covers that 
[00:30:01] and yeah, why don't you dive in CJ like, especially like what you commonly see across like the third party testing labs that like will tend to deal with. And if there's a reason why we go with one or the other or sometimes people just have a preference, but you can kind of just give some clarity, you know, just the third party testing labs and stuff like that. - Yeah, so I mean, we've got the big three listed here. I would say that SGS, Inter-Tech and Eurofins are the ones that we work with the most and the ones that are most commonly seen just in general marketplaces. You know, SGS is really good for, you know, safety data sheets. They can do-- - I guess not. - You can do a lot. SGS? - What's that? - I use them for a lot of textiles, chemical testing. - Yeah, yeah, like material composition, chemical testing, heavy-level testing. I believe they can kind of also get into like some reach and rose type stuff. I don't know if they can actually issue those certificates, but they can do like similar levels of testing. You know, and SGS is they're a global company. Everyone in every country knows what SGS is and like their certificates are widely recognized. So that's why they're kind of number one on our list here. Inter-Tech also offers a lot of the same stuff that SGS does. They do offer an ETL certification, which is very similar to a UL certification for electronics products. The story I heard goes that UL was just becoming more and more popular and it was taking so long to get a UL certificate that Inter-Tech came up with the ETL certificate, which was like an equivalent of electronic safety certificate just to become the secondary source of the same standard. So Inter-Tech in some cases could be good, just as good as UL. Euro-Fins is the one I most commonly see used 
[00:32:02] for supplements in skincare. They're just stronger in microbiology and chemistry testing of that nature. Yeah, so some pro tips here is, you know, get all of your testing done before shipping. You wanna make sure that before anything leaves the factory and you actually take full ownership of it, that you have all the certifications that you need. You wanna budget between two and $10,000 to get testing done. That's gonna depend on how many certifications you need, what your target markets are, and just how deep you wanna go in the testing route before you actually start to bring the product to market and then get quotes from different labs because they vary, you know, based on the weather. I don't know exactly what changes between SGS and Inter-Tech, but, you know, we try to get quotes from all of them all of the time for the same tests and just see who offers a more thorough project, who offers a better price, who offers a better timeline, and once you have all of that information, you do that due diligence, you can make a better decision on which lab to work with. Yeah, no, that was solid. All right, here's some, yeah, let's just do some common certificate examples and what to look for, pretty easy, slightly run through with CJ. Yeah, so with FDA registration, you're gonna wanna ask whatever factor you're working with, what their registration number is and how to look them up. Then you're gonna wanna look them up and verify it. You're also gonna wanna verify that who you're buying from is actually who they say they are, which is a little bit different than just looking up the number. We've seen situations where people think they're buying from a factory and they've provided us the FDA registration. And then when we contacted the factory, they said they have no idea who the brand was. So we've seen that and so it's important to actually try to reach out to the factory maybe on the side and see if they actually do know who you are 
[00:34:00] and that they are making your product because these things can kind of just float around sometimes. GMPC, this one actually covers a little bit more about their production process and quality control process. So it's important to confirm that it's current because as management leaves, processes change, our machines and other things change, they could quickly become uncompliant. So it's important to just make sure that everything's up to date and that you can verify it. FCC, it's really important to have an FCC ID. There's a lot of different things that you would not think that would cause radio frequency interference, like Chris was talking about earlier that would really surprise you. So ask the labs, pay for the certificate, it doesn't take that long, it doesn't cost that much, like just go ahead and get the FCC done, especially if you're doing electronics. COA, this one is really important to get from a third-party lab. I know I mentioned this earlier, but a lot of factories will try to give you their own COAs through their own internal labs. Just pay to get each batch sent to a third-party lab. It's worth it in the long run. And then for the UL listing, UL actually controls their stickers and their listings like a currency. They issue it to a factory. They know exactly how many stickers and labels that they issued. And then they will go and do an audit on the factory to make sure that they're not putting UL stickers on stuff that's not approved and that they're only producing in quantities of the stickers that they were given. And so UL is another one to pay close attention to. And then when it comes to all of these certificates, when you pay to get the certificate, it's almost like a licensing fee. And so you go into a database with these issuing bodies. And if you have these labels on your product and you were not properly certified with them, 
[00:36:01] they will come after you and find you and they will win. So it's really important that if you're putting these labels on your product that you know for sure, you have a legitimate certificate. - Yeah, there's actually people who make a living off of investigating these types of things like independently, like it's insane. - Yeah, yeah. And I'd say like a pro tip, you know, even on this like slide is like, when you're doing due diligence on factories, make sure the factories can do all this stuff, right? That's like the bet like, 'cause like when we're, when we do our due diligence process and it's a product category that we haven't sourced in, like this is why we hit up over 50 of them, right? It's not just like weeding out the middleman, more importantly, it's making sure that they're compliant, making sure that they're able to cooperate with all the testing that needs to be done. You know, and I'd say that's where like John, Jerry, and me when we started Canary, like got our success was just making sure things are buttoned up. 'Cause one, we don't want to deal with problems, especially if people go to Amazon. 'Cause then we're like, no, it's gonna trust us. So like I would say like that's like one big area where you could eliminate a lot of suppliers. It'll make Alibaba maybe a little bit less of a minefield. Not everyone is on Alibaba, so you do have to resort to other platforms. But I would say like if you just, you know, really focus on making sure that the factory you're working with is compliant, then it just will give you more comfort and confidence that you could be working with the right factory. There's other things, you know, that play into this that isn't related to compliance and stuff, but on the topic of compliance, this is definitely one of the good eliminators. All right, now we're getting towards kind of like the end of it, so we want to just switch gears to just the manufacturer agreements overview. 
[00:38:02] I'd say kind of the three of us could dive in, maybe start off CJ with just like what you're commonly seeing. Get done, like look, in China, that's where I'll start. Sorry, I apologize, my. Okay. Like usually with manufacturing agreements, like you don't need all of them with the factory, try to get done what you can. And it does create friction when you're trying to like go at them with agreements from the beginning and they don't work with you. So just be mindful of that. But there are agreements that are important to have in place and you can navigate it quite well. We haven't had a problem when we do it. So CJ, I'll let you kind of start off with what you call on LECI and then we can look at it there. Yeah, so we'll talk about why manufacturing agreements tie into compliance, I think, to start this off. So you can do all of the legwork to make sure that you're compliant on your side. But if you don't have something in writing with the manufacturer insisting that they follow those certain steps that you laid out and that they're doing everything in a compliant way and that they agree to that. At the end of the day, that liability falls on you. And so you need to have these manufacturing agreements in place with your contract manufacturers to be able to pass on any liability. So if something does happen, even if it's as simple as having a counterfeit certificate, like not going down the rabbit hole, like, oh, someone gets hurt and assuming you or something, but just like something simple, like a minor compliance issue and now you're getting fined or something. You know, you could pass that fine off to your manufacturer and say, hey, we agreed that you were going to use this lab and that you gave me these certificates and like, now I'm getting notified that they're counterfeit and it's like this falls in our agreement. And so you're the one that's liable for it. 
[00:40:00] It also covers certain things, you know, like release forms for brand authorization, meaning that you are only authorizing the factory to make, you know, products that you were ordering with them through a certain PO process and things like that so that they're not manufacturing your product elsewhere or that they're not, or that maybe some of their sub-benders, for example, someone who's making packaging notices that you're doing some big volume and then they go to other factories that make similar products and they say like, oh, like I make a ton of this box, like maybe you should look into making this product. And so having like a brand authorization letter saying that, you know, their, the factory's only authorized to make orders based on the POs that you give them can kind of help protect you and situate them as like that. - Yeah, I had, I remember I had a program that I was doing for a launch, a product launch at Target that was for Disney IP. And I remember we produced the product, Disney improved it, everything was great. We got the shipment out the door on time and as we went to export out of China, we did not have handy the brand authorization letter. And so our shipment got flagged and blocked because especially like a brand like Disney, which is recognizable and very notable is going, is more likely to then to get flagged for this type of a thing. Yeah, we got flagged and I had to make an urgent call that got like escalated on the Disney side. And I was able to secure the brand authorization letter to get the shipment out. But I mean, this stuff is actually enforced in China. So it's important to make sure you're buttoned up on the brand authorization side. Yeah, I mean, we deal with it quite a lot, actually, where we work, 'cause usually the factories we're trying to look for on behalf of our clients are the more legitimate factories, 
[00:42:01] just because they have good compliance, they have good QC, they have seen it all in terms of scaling. So in a lot of cases, they do want us to have brand authorization letters. So we usually go through the process with our clients and it's never an issue. But I would say like with everything I see on the slide, like that's something I see quite commonly, yeah. Yeah, I think that's, I think we can probably move on to the next slide. Okay, quality control and payment terms. We won't go deep into this 'cause we have other modules that- Both actually. On both, yeah. So definitely check those modules out, but we can just do a quick run through on the QC and payment rates. Yeah, definitely. So like when we're talking about quality control and payment terms here, we had already touched on going through like the testing side of things to make sure that your product is compliant. But you also wanna make sure that when you get your product tested, it's being tested, you know, you've got a product that has been manufactured and according to certain specifications, right? So the unit that's tested does not match what's getting mass produced. You're going to have a problem. And so you wanna make sure that you have quality control systems in place to really ensure to you, the brand owner, that your product is reflective of the one that you tested and got certified, right? So what are some of these things you can do? Inspection procedures, having something that's like a pre-production, quality control measure, having inspections in line and also before shipment, these tollgates will help to make sure, again, that the product that's produced matches the one that you approved and the one that was certified. Establishing defect tolerances, you know, there's certain issues that can occur in production 
[00:44:02] or certain, you know, when you're mass manufacturing, there are certain minor differences that can occur across a lot size of thousands of units. Some of these differences might be acceptable and some of them might not be. So by establishing what your AQL levels are up front and you can work either, you know, this is something that we work closely with our, with brand owners on, establishing what those tolerances are, but also third party labs can help to just to give you reference on industry standards for what's accepted and what's not. Remediation actions, when quality fails, again, it's always important to have these types of corrective action plans measures in place, identify root causes, make sure that you have a process for addressing these types of things in production with your manufacturer, waivers and liability. Again, this will help you to sleep easier and it's also important that you're conversing about the liability on the manufacturing side of what happens if there are issues with defects and what recourse you have for, you know, chargebacks and debits to the back to the factory. Production waivers on skin care. Do you want to get into this at all, CJ? Yeah, so this is something that happens if you are working with a factory that's, you know, really buttoned up and compliant and they're wanting to take certain steps with compatibility testing, microbiology testing and things like that that could take, you know, several weeks to complete. But you want, if you feel confident in the product, you feel confident in the packaging, the formula and you want to release it as quickly as possible into the market and so the factory will go to you and then, you know, pretty much give you a waiver of liability saying that, cool, that would release the product to you but you're going to assume any liability that happens from it in lieu of them completing those tests 
[00:46:01] that they wanted to do. And so we've seen that happen several times when we're trying to launch products quickly with certain clients where they just kind of want to skip the testing process and they have to sign a piece of paper saying that they will be liable for any issues that come from that. Yeah, moving on over to the payment structure side. I mean, as you're thinking about production and you're thinking about quality control, it's a good idea to keep in mind what your payment arrangements are with your manufacturer. For example, if you were paying a 100% deposit upfront for production and then you run into some issues in your final inspection, you know, that can cause a real headache for you. Maybe you have commitment, sales commitments, product launch commitments. Maybe you have your product slated to launch at a retailer on a certain date but then you've run into these quality concerns. You've already paid for the product. Now the shipment might end up late and the only way to catch up is air freight which could incur even more costs, right? But you've already paid for the goods 100% upfront. Ideally, if possible, never pay 100% upfront ever. Never, never, ever do it. (laughing) Look, we do have a whole module on payment terms and like different creative strategies for what you can do to try to achieve either payment terms or creative alternatives to that. So definitely recommend checking out the separate module on that. With all of this, try to get it in writing and always consider, always consider your lead times when you're thinking about like what your payment terms would actually be as you think about what your effective payment terms are as a result of those timelines. - Yeah, and if you're like trying to test out, 
[00:48:00] like let's just say like there's some people that wanna just test out working directly with factories. They've been, you know, had a lot of experience dealing with like a fulfillment company that's just doing both the fulfillment and sourcing but now they wanna like test the waters and maybe try working with factories on like Alibaba. You could always use like their payment platform as like just a form of like giving you some protection. I mean, I know a lot of people in the community are doing bigger numbers. So like eventually this doesn't make sense. But you could still do transactions like outside of it. You know, that way at least like maybe you could try to get Alibaba to help you step in. It's more for, this is, that area is like a little bit more, I'd say on the beginner side of things. You know, 'cause I've gone through that process too and I've won cases where, you know, people were wrong, especially with like when it came to handling shipments and things getting lost. So I do think, you know, especially if you're doing like smaller money to test out orders, it's an option for you. That way you're a little bit more protected. So that's just like a kind of a pro tip. And let's now go back to like working with a compliance company and kind of the experience and stuff like that. And CJ, I think you could kind of get into it. Yeah, I mean, I want to start this off by saying, you know, we are not compliance experts. Everything that we just share in this presentation is experience shares. It's a cumulative knowledge from all of us just based on, you know, things that we've actually gone through and doing business and bringing certain products to market and developing certain products, right? But we've all worked with people who are actually experts in the regulatory bodies for our target markets and for the products that we have worked on before. 
[00:50:02] And it's really important that you find someone who is an expert, whether it's a consulting agency or you're working directly with a testing agency or you can just like get on the phone with the FDA and like find someone who you can ask them about like, hey, like, how do I go about doing this, right? Like do the actual due diligence because cutting corners here or listening to a friend or, you know, some dude in a group chat who tells you that you don't have to write made in China on your product or something like you can get into trouble. It's like it's definitely a slippery slope. And so the best we can do here is share our experience with you and also let you all know that, you know, we work with the smartest and best experts that we know in the bodies that they govern when it comes to compliance. So it's really important. Identify your target market, understand the regulatory bodies around the product that you're making in that target market and then consult everyone that you can do as much research as you can. You know, AI, I guess now is getting stronger and stronger and it could be a really good tool as well to kind of let you know, you know, what doors to go and knock on, but also just kind of take that with a grain of salt. - Yeah, I think that like leveraging something like that, it can be a nice like step in conjunction with the other steps, right? So it's like, let's say you utilize AI to identify what are some of the tests you might require for your product category in the market you're trying to sell in. And then also, you know, consult with an expert, like, you know, reach out to a third party lab. These labs have, can have so many different departments in it, like if you reach out to InterTech or it's to like zero baritas or something, they'll have for your specific product category, they'll have a couple of experts and they have these people on their team, not just as experts like, 
[00:52:02] not just to be experts for their internal purposes, but also as like a sales arm, almost, for their, you know? So it's like, you can reach out to them and they'll tell you what tests you need, because they're gonna give you a quote of what it will cost for you to conduct the testing at their lab, right? So like, you might be able to get some very good counsel for essentially for free on what testing is required, but then the idea is you might be conducting the testing with that lab, but you can actually make a lot of progress. So if you were to do some initial research on what you need to have conducted and you go to one of these labs with what you're proposing and then you ask what they think, I think you can really get a pretty buttoned up, well-rounded answer on your compliance needs. - Yeah, then there's two things that jump out at me with like what we've covered so far on this slide is like AI, for example, you can't 100% trust the answers that you're getting 'cause like if you think about it, it's just like going through the internet to just find different posts and stuff. That's why you have like referencing that goes on with chat or perplexity and things like that. - Different machine changes. - And the information's always changing. So like sometimes you'll get answers through AI that it's not entirely like accurate with today, it was maybe from a few years ago, but it's still good because like, you're getting information very quickly. So it's like, I'm not gonna say, like a lot of the times you'll get the info and then it checks out when you actually speak to a compliance consulting company. So AI is definitely good for speed so you can just get answers quicker, but that doesn't mean it is the exact answer just because like the regulatory arena is forever changing. The other thing I do wanna say as like that's also just like a pro tip, I've done this a million times, is like FDA gets back to you very quickly. 
[00:54:01] So if you wanna reach out to the FDA or any of these like government bodies to get information about something, especially when you're dealing with like importation and stuff, 'cause like if you're dealing with FDA products, it's not just custom clearance, it also is FDA clearance, but you can get a lot of clarity just reaching out to them and getting answers and they're pretty friendly. So if you wanna go deep, I would hit 'em up and you could use AI to just like get the right contact information of the right body. So like that is where things do get more accurate with AI. So those are like kind of like two things that like jump out at me from what we've discussed on this slide. But yeah, just some other helpful tips. No. And then I think just like the cost of like compliance review and stuff, that's just to give you guys an idea of like what you see. Going back to what CJ said, you kinda need to talk to as many as you can to get to like the right price point, but also, you know, you will find out more what you're paying for. It seems like tedious, like when we discuss like talking to different agencies, but like that's kind of why it's like so cloudy when you guys are in like group chats and stuff is like someone hears about this super cheap one, someone hears about this really expensive one and then, you know, when someone hears about the expensive one, they immediately discount it because they heard about the cheap one. But like what's, you know, if you read between the lines, the cheap one, it could be you get what you pay for and you're getting less than what you would if you were to pay more. So, you know, that's why if you're with a compliant, if you work with like a compliance company, they could help you navigate some of that. So that's also kind of like something to be aware of. All right. I know this was a long module. I think though, we've unpacked pretty much everything that you can with this topic. And then of course, if anyone has any questions, 
[00:56:00] you could hit us up on Discord. If you want to reach out to us on our site, you can just reach out to us on our site where we're pretty available and we get back to people pretty quickly. But yeah, key takeaways. I would just say like don't ever skip compliance. I think that's especially if you're dealing with like supplements and skincare. I think with electronics, it's pretty important too. You know, if you just start scaling overnight and like you don't really have a compliant product, you are going to run into issues, especially if you do move over to Amazon. We've seen it with eight figure brands. So don't ever skip it. Take it seriously. I think Sean Ong would probably agree on that one. It's part of why we have such a budget for third party testing. I mean, that's part of it. Look, if you're trying to like launch something in the beginning and you're keeping it bare-boned, I mean, then, you know, most of the time when you're doing a launch like that, you're testing anyway and maybe just like refunding after 'cause you don't have it yet. But like, I would carry a budget for third party testing and just follow like compliance rules. It's part of your Cox. And then get whatever manufacturer agreements you can sign. You don't need to be super strict about it with the suppliers in the beginning 'cause there is like a relationship component when you're navigating things with them. There's also, there's good ways of bringing it up. So you can still get it done in the beginning. I do think it's important to do the more sensitive the product is and doing it before production starts because they want to win your business. If that's what's needed to win your business, they'll do it. Working with a compliance company, strongly recommend. We have compliance partners that we work with. On behalf of our clients, just to kind of like help them out and just move through things faster. But that's also kind of important, especially for your claims and your packaging review. Keep all certificates and test reports organized and accessible. You just never know if you're gonna be audited and stuff like that. And you just wanna make sure you always have 
[00:58:01] your stuff buttoned up and ready. And then for country of origin labeling is non-negotiable. Just put the country of origin on there. Please, countless to others that say they don't do it. You're gonna get in trouble at some point, especially if you're doing thousands of orders a day. It's gonna happen. So that's it. We will be diving into another module on another topic, but apologies for this dense topic, but I think it's pretty important considering things that have gone on over the last few months with things popping up with compliance. 