
[00:00:00] Yo, what's up guys, this is Jorn and I'm going to record a video regarding to the question poll that I posted before. So firstly, let me briefly introduce the shipping line option that you guys can choose. So the first one is United States and these carriers are available for normal niche, electronic niche and cosmetic items. Yeah, so the first option is Ring Express, it's a most reliable among all carriers. The average shipping time is around 6-10 days with 98% delivery rate. And it's a advantage is fast, reliable and it can sustain you to scale even in Q4 because as far as I know that the volume in Q4 is around 2X than other seasons. So if you guys can choose Ring Express, there is no issues at all. But every coin has two sides, Ring Express also has its disadvantage and it's the most expensive one and it don't apply for any supplement. And if you guys are interested in the supplement option and I will introduce it later. So let's go about the second option. It's Yewen, 1B4 PX and SF, these 4 carriers are reliable as Ring Express as well but the shipping line is a little bit slower. It's like 7-12 days and the delivery rate is around 97%. So it's advantage is more economic than Express, if you don't have them large margin, you can choose these 4 carriers. It's almost the same like Ring Express. But I think the only disadvantage is about its shipping time just a little bit slower. 
[00:02:00] So let's talk about the last option, it's counter fade postages but I don't, I highly don't recommend any of the guys use these carriers. And the first one is called JS, LX, JCX, RDN, SDH because these all carriers are high risk carriers. Yeah, if any of you guys have used them before, you will know the issue like it can be seized by the carrier, the tracking shows delivered but your customers haven't received it, yeah, and some other, a lot of issues. The average shipping time of this carrier, it's around 8-15 days and the delivery rate also varies from 17% to 80%. Yeah, because if in Q4 the delivery rate will be pretty low and if Q1 it will be higher. And this advantage is if in Q4 your delivery time can up to 20+ days. So be careful, yeah but it's also have its advantage, like it's very economic and the cost is super low, yeah. So these options are available for those who only pursue like some short term margin not for upright owner, yeah. So these are the all options to the United States for these categories, yeah. And then let's talk about the supplement options to the United States, yeah, the first option is Huai and the average shipping time is around 6-10 days, its advantage is fast and it's reliable, yeah. And this advantage is almost the same like being expressed, it's the most 
[00:04:00] expensive option. Yeah, but if you're a brand owner with this same margin you can choose it because it will secure your back end, we have no issues at all and it can also provide a best experience to your customers, it's good for your brand reputation, yeah. And the second option is Huai, the average shipping time is around 8-12 work days, yeah it's more economic than Huai Han but the shipping time is a little bit slower, yeah. So it's best for those who are running supplement brand but he don't have too much margin yet, you guys can use it as a buffer time. And the last option, yeah, be careful, it's a drink I love, LX, SDH and RD, the average shipping time is around 8-15 work days and yeah, the decent advantages are, the same ways, these ones, yeah, they are the same, they are called kind of very post ages so don't use it too much and preferably, don't use it. And I attach this fire of Huai Han, yeah, the best option and in January from 1 st to 18, we shipped like 30k orders in total and with 8.94 days delivery time with 98% or 33 delivery rate, yeah. So as you guys can see, it's very reliable. So let's talk about the European Union, yeah, the first one is Ring Express, yeah, always fast reliable and the second option is like 4px, 1b, yellow and SF, yeah, it's 
[00:06:02] more economic than Ring Express but yeah, shipping time could be a little bit slower like maybe just 1-2 days difference. The last resort of EU countries is SY, it's super low, like 20 days or even longer, yeah, but anyway, it's the cheapest option but don't use it, yeah. And the supplement shipping line option to the Europe is China Post, Huai Han, yeah but for the European countries, I recommend you guys can choose China Post because it's more economic than Huai Han and the shipping time is not that different, not that much difference, yeah. Alright, so let's talk about the Canada, Canada, the best option would be JY because it's this carrier, they're different, they only do Canadian markets so this makes them more professional and more economic and better than other options so I strongly recommend this carrier. And the second part is regarding to the China Post, Huai Han, EU and Ring Express, yeah, the shipping time is around 6 to 10 days but they are much more expensive than JY because this carrier, all of their products are shipped to the Canada but like China Post, Huai Han or Ring Express, they also have some orders from other countries so this makes them the most professional one and that's why they are cheaper than these options, yeah. So let's talk about the Australia and the New Zealand market, this for general items, the most suitable option is for the China Post, yeah, with 6 to 10 days but as 
[00:08:03] you guys know Australia have four zones in carriers like from zone 1 to zone 4, the shipping time could be lower in zone 3 or zone 4 because they are some kind of remotely areas, yeah . So alright, these are all options to top 5 so for now I'm going to introduce how to ensure your supplement is legit, as far as I know I know that a lot of guys are running some supplement brands but it's very complicated so a lot of sellers, they only focus on lowering their cogs but they never know how this will ruin their business, like if you just told your supplier to decrease the price, they probably usually think about in two parts, the first one is they will try to squeeze the margin or negotiate with the factory with a better price, the worst option is they will decrease the ingredient in the fact sheet. For example, some of you guys may be running some trilogy supplement brand but the supplier that they offer to you, the ingredient probably are less than what you claim in the website. So if you're doing this, I mean you just want your supplier to decrease their price without knowing any internal info, this will ruin your business and destroy your brand because after a while I think your customer probably complain about why this product don't work for me so your trust player view will be pretty low, and the second part I 
[00:10:01] think they probably think about the logistic part, like I said before, they probably will choose this option for you, like the United States they will use this kind of counterfeit postage so they can decrease the price to make your ideal price. So once your supplier offer you a call just to double check with them from the two parts that I mentioned before. So let's talk about this one right now. The first one is how to identify if you are in grid or in the gym but or not. The first one is if you can check it from the price, if the price is pretty low like 50 bucks or something, it's definitely fake, like the cant do is such a low price with good quality. And also you can, like I just said before, you can judge it from your customer feedback. If a lot of your customer are complaining about your product, this will ruin your reputation. So you guys can talk about with your suppliers at the moment to avoid these kinds of issues to happen. And the last part is the most convincable part, it's about the certification. You can talk with your supplier to see whether this factory have FDA and COA certifications. If the factory don't even have these services, don't work with them because I don't think the factory who don't have any related certifications can provide a good quality supplement to you guys. Yeah. And the second part, yeah, I'm going to introduce that not every product come with certifications 
[00:12:00] because only standard or it's not customized product are eligible as these are the items that factory can search directly. Because if you are running some brand with some custom logo, I mean the factory definitely don't have the search for your product, yeah, because if they want to do the certification for your item, they need to get your brand authorization first, yeah. So yeah, these are all info regarding to the, I mean, supplement or shipping options to top five and how to identify that your ingredients are legit because as far as I know, a lot of companies, they provide low quality options and they advise their customer to choose that to minimum their cost so that both sides have the good quality or not quality. I mean the margin, yeah. So but in our company, we don't do it because it's kind of a black hat, I have to say, yeah. And I don't think that this kind of business model can last for a long run. So our company is doing all kinds of legit white hat business, yeah. And I think, yeah, that's all. And if you guys have any other questions, you can comment below. Yeah. Thank you guys. See you next time. 