
[00:00:00] All right, guys. So all right, so for this, so for this module, we're going to just go over Q1 and Q2 e-commerce like supply chain strategies. You know, there's always discussions about like, you know, prepping for Q4, but you know, we do think that it really is like, there's a different like set of things to always do each quarter. So I think this could be really helpful for the community to just know like what are the different things you could be doing in Q1 and Q2? Even if you're like a seasonal business in Q4, you know, what kind of things you could be doing during this time. So I'm going to dive right in and yeah, CJ, why don't you kind of give a brief overview of what are like the common topics that we discuss usually in for stuff like this? Sure. So first, we're going to discuss why Q1 and Q2 must be planned together. That's usually because Chinese New Year falls in Q1 and sometimes lingers into Q2 or, you know, it's very early in Q1 depends on when it when it actually falls that year. So it's really important to, you know, match those up together. Then we're going to talk about how that can affect your supply chain disruption, your pre-CNY planning, what you can expect for supplier communication and how you can reduce risk there, how you can remain stable throughout Q1 to be able to sustain Q2 growth, what good strategies are for Q2, how to adopt best quality control practices throughout Q1 and Q2, and then cross-functional alignment to do Q2 launches. And when you really need to be thinking about product development and how these 
[00:02:02] supply chain disruptions are going to affect a launch that you want to have in Q2. Q1 and Q2, you know, like what C2 said at the beginning, they do kind of got to be planned together. You have like Chinese New Year and almost pre-CNY when factories just start to close like two weeks before the actual holiday. You know, material suppliers are definitely closing around then and then like the assembly factories just like start to close, you know, even maybe as late as like a week before. And then in part of why they also closed like earlier is because everyone in manufacturing is like going back to their hometown. They're all, you know, trying either the driving, taking the train. You know, I remember when I was going to someone 's hometown for Chinese New Year, and it was like, I think like two days before. And we were in bumper to bumper traffic, like where it just didn't move to the point that you had people selling like cup of noodles, like on the street, like in traffic. And yeah, it just becomes a total mess. I like take Shenzhen, for example, where a lot of people are manufacturing. I mean, 90 % of that city is not from Shenzhen. So it's like a ghost town. Beijing is, Beijing is similar . Like when I lived there, like my first five years, it, I mean, my first time, I was like, wow, the subway, like, doesn't have any people there. It's like kind of weird considering there's like 
[00:04:00] 20 plus 13 people in the city, you know, so it's, it's definitely an interesting time. But in addition, like when Chinese New Year's over, like a lot of the factories are operating at half the capacity because some people are staying in their hometown, you know, a little bit longer. But a lot of it is that people quit their jobs. So, and they're looking for new ones, because they kind of look at it as like, you know, a restart to the year. And then that creates like challenges in itself as well, because it's usually a rush of borders after CNY. So, you know, it's just like a very messy period. Like once you get into, you know, once you're, once you're getting kind of into the thick of Q1. So any, any experiences you have CJ related to, to CNY and, and yeah, I'm, I'm living it right now, right? I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm living in Shen zhen. It's normally a city of 20 million people. There are no cars on the streets. There's like barely any restaurants to eat at. I heard from a friend that something like eight to 10 million cars are leaving Guangdong province a day this week. My gosh. Yeah. And so like the city that's normally 20 million people gets whittled down to like, I don't know, maybe a little less than 5 million people, three to 5 million people, something like that. So a really, really strong portion of the population is leaving. And, you know, Shenzhen's not the only city like this. Shenzhen is a big manufacturing hub, but in Guangdong and the surrounding cities, it's, it's all the same. And, and what, where this really affects the supply chain the most is not so much that the factories are closed down. I mean, you could always like just have overtime or like it's really not that difficult to get people in the assembly shops. It's the raw material suppliers, right? Like we're in a situation right now with the client where they're doing apparel. And two weeks ago already, all of the 
[00:06:03] cotton suppliers finished their orders and, you know, went home for the new year. And so, you know, that's, that's an obstacle that we're trying to navigate, for example. Same thing with like steel suppliers, like right now it's February 12th as we're recording this, you know, steel suppliers stopped selling steel before the end of January. So it's already been over two weeks since we 've been able to get any steel. And then once they come back, sure, they'll all be back right after Chinese New Year's over around February 25th this year. But then it takes them two or three weeks to actually make stuff and get caught up on the backlog and things. So like you're in this lull where you're like six to eight weeks out from getting, you know, any, any replenishment on, on supplies for production. So another thing to keep in mind is port congestion during Chinese New Year. Just like in Q4, shipping rates go up, it becomes increasingly difficult to book containers. Just like before Christmas, like it's kind of like this November to February rush where it's like it's almost the same as Q4 when you're going into the Chinese New Year period, because it is exactly equivalent of their Christmas or like their holiday season out here too, right? And so, you know, things are a little bit more expensive. And it's important to make strategic decisions with that in mind, make sure that you have your inventory planned out and prepared so that you don 't have to worry about going through any of these obstacles during Q1 and Q2. Okay. And I'd say like, you know, just like part of like the planning, you know , like like the second, the second point is just like inventory suppliers and logistics decisions you're making. Q1 is kind of going to define your Q2 success. I almost feel that like, you know, 
[00:08:00] just there's so much of Chinese New Year that just like, like kind of impacts the way you need to operate in Q2. So you do need to, you do need to be like thinking about, okay, like what's my inventory situation? And right after they get out of Chinese New Year, and then like, you know, what am I going to need to, what am I going to need to order because it's going to be just such a backlog leading up to Q2 that like, you know, you're not really, you're not really going to have things like super regular and back to like a well-oiled machine until maybe like a month in to Q2. The congestion probably will be less as well and more and more stabilized. So yeah, you just need to, you just need to be like kind of hitting the reset button yourself, but like, just like what, what are the really the key things you want to get? You want to take care of because you're also just not going to get like the attention of your supplier site that you usually get. What I find the most interesting is especially with Q4 heavy businesses, you know, you have, you have a really solid Q4, you made a ton of revenue and you want to kind of start slowing things down a little bit in Q1 and Q2. And so you don't anticipate this downtime properly. And then you end up running out of stock. And what happens is that you're playing catch up for all of Q1 and Q2. And then all of a sudden Q3 is upon you and you're trying to prepare for Q4 already. And then you missed out on opportunities for more increased revenue that will allow you to invest in more product, invest in more marketing and have a better Q4 than you did the previous year. And so it's really this constant cycle that you need to be constantly prepared for. Yeah, I think that segues nicely into this slide actually, which is, you know, Q1 reality checks, supply chain disruptions. You know, we talked already about the actual factors shutdowns and how even though the official holiday might be on one day, because of all of the 
[00:10:04] traffic and congestion, the actual celebration of the holiday and then the actual closures may be for two weeks, three weeks or more. And then even after that, it takes the manufacturers time to get back up and running as they wait for personnel to come back. They actually may have to reach staff for certain personnel that don't come back after the holiday. And then like, as they're getting back, they also have to align their schedules with their sub -component material suppliers, right? So that can take even longer. And so, yeah, we talked there about some of the CNY factories shutdowns. That also leads to shipping congestion as people rush on the way into Chinese New Year to get their shipments out. And then immediately after Chinese New Year as well, they're trying to pre-book that space to get their, you know, to get their shipments out, to try to get their materials ordered. It ends up with a backlog , not just for material ordering, but for actually getting your goods picked up and shipped production slowdowns and labor shortages. You know, I think we also covering this pretty well also, because it's not just your product and having your factory open. It's also making sure that the materials, the sub-component tree, is all available and that there's transportation of that material available from, you know, from the material supplier over to your manufacturer. So there's a lot of dots to connect there and a lot of schedules to align. So it definitely can lead to some disruptions. And then finally, one of the implications here that you can miss your launch windows without early planning on this, you know, we'll be going a little bit more in depth on this point throughout this presentation. But it's absolutely essential 
[00:12:03] that you're keeping Chinese New Year in mind. And I think it's also important to remember, like, you know, I think that over the last couple of years, a lot of people have tried to expand their manufacturing, diversify their supply chain and start manufacturing outside of China. I would say even if you're manufacturing outside of China, you most likely do still have component tree that is coming from China, you know. And then what that can result in is even more disruptions because the materials that the Chinese suppliers are ordering, they then ship it to the destination countries where their factory partners might be located, right? Or the ones that are, you know, where you're manufacturing, but the delays from CNY can result in those materials not arriving in time to maintain their production line. And then sometimes these manufacturers overseas like in, let's say Vietnam or over in Malaysia or other, you know, Southeast Asian countries, some of their personnel, like, let's say there are some of their tooling engineers, quality engineers might actually be from China. So they may be on holiday during this period too. So if you have to troubleshoot issues that occur, you might not actually have the same level of support that you normally would, even if you're outside of China and think you 're not going to be affected by CNY. So I just urge caution on that. All right, cool. See, do we have any recent situations with clients that come to mind with regards to some of the disruptions going on? I mean, there's a couple like samples that didn't make 
[00:14:02] the cut off date to get things shipped out. I think this year we were barely buttoned up when it came to getting everyone prepared and getting things out. Like, I don't think there's any like orders stuck on the floor anywhere or like any pending things other than like clients coming to us with like yesterday, you know, and like we're right in the middle of Chinese New Year now and they're saying like, hey, like I need this ASAP and we're like, hey, sorry. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We started talking about this in December, you know? Yeah, yeah, no, I definitely feel this year felt a lot smoother overall, like even with like the hiccup set that went on, like towards the end, they were like hiccups where like there was still some time to get it out. Or like 90% of it, which kind of works out because based on like the order cycles, like they don't necessarily like need everything. So yeah, no, definitely, I think it definitely worked out more. Yeah, I'd say the only the only frustrating thing is just like, you know, the product development stuff, it gets really hard to do it when you get closer because just factories don't really want to, they don't want to focus on, you know, like figuring out like product designs and stuff, they're like checked out already. So they'll just say like, yeah, let's just like push those conversations to when we get back. But I would say, you know, what's one thing, one thing that I've done religiously, like, since I started like doing sourcing, like I'm always, I was always just asking for the schedule with any factory that I was working with, you know, just just understand because like, like when I was doing e-commerce with like the baby, like I was working, I think with 
[00:16:03] like 15 plus, you know, different suppliers, whether it was like accessories or, or vapes and , and just everyone had a different schedule, you know, and like that that's something that's, that 's something that's like interesting. I can say, I kind of find it funny, like when, when clients are asking, you know, like, you know, when are they getting back? And like, my questions never so concrete because it's like, it like really depends on which factory we're talking about, like even for like, like, especially because like we have a lot of clients where like we're not working with just one factory. So, I think knowing the schedule is, is really important because then it just allows you to be like, it allows you to at least just like set it in your head, like, okay, okay , for this product, like, just not going to even touch it until this date for this product. I'm going to do this. So, it is, it is really helpful for getting yourself like, you know, it's more planned. So, why don't we walk in? Welcome to the Q1 strategy. If Chris want to take the, the floor is that one? Yeah, sure. So, like we had talked about, because of the disruptions that can occur surrounding Chinese New Year, it's a good idea to go through this period, the strategy in mind to set yourself up for success and Q2 on later in the year. So, first off, like , like Greg was mentioning, lock production schedules before CNY, try to secure your production lines early, so that your order doesn't get pushed behind other brands during the pre- holiday rush. I would say this is the number one best advice that I would give anybody. You know that you're up against constraints on the schedule side. So, the best thing you can do is communicate, get your orders in and emphasize the importance and communicate with your supplier so that they know what your expectations are, and so that you can hear their feedback about your plan as well. So, I would say, yeah, this is definitely the number one biggest advice that I 
[00:18:01] would give to somebody going into the Chinese New Year period, even if it feels like you're limited in what you can achieve from like a production perspective. This communication, by doing this, you're absolutely taking the essential step and you're going to be better off than other people that haven't had these discussions with their suppliers. Number two, front-load critical skews. So, produce your bestsellers first so that your launch isn't delayed by less important variants, you know, here, this goes hand-in-hand with point number three here, building buffered inventory for Q1 launches, carrying extra units to protect sales when factories and shipping slow down after shutdowns. During, you know, I think I have countless stories about this, but this is, it's so important to be projecting out how your demand is going to be throughout Q1 and Q2, focusing your production on your main sales drivers. So, as the factor is shut down, they're going to be trying to get those last orders in and you'll be competing for production line capacity in many instances. And then, as the factors come back, they might have to ramp back up on their capacity. So, any assumptions you have about how many units can be shipped out, you might need to adjust those assumptions. So, it's a good idea to be communicating with your supplier about what their ramp up plan looks like. That was CNY. And I mean, to be completely frank, this period is so important, particularly if you're doing business on Amazon, for example, where, you know, to prepare for Prime Day, you might be getting Prime Day orders and that ramp up, especially if you're FBA, you might be getting orders in May, which means you need to ship in April, which means you only have maybe what a month and a half of production at 
[00:20:01] best in order to ramp yourself up for that demand from Amazon on one of the biggest sales holidays of the year. So, it's so important to be, you know, focusing in and planning out what that demand looks like through Prime Day, so that you don't set yourself up for failure later on, where you can't catch up with the demands, you might have to rely then on more expensive shipping methods like air freight in bulk, just to catch up, which I know everyone wants to avoid. And then number four, you've got new product development. Now, for this, this is a good period where, you know, it is true that the factories are stepping out during this period, but it is still so important to be communicating about what your product launch plans are because any progress you can make during this period means that you've kind of got a head start post-CNY and that you're already familiarizing your factory partners with what your product launch plan is for the rest of the year. C.J., maybe you have some additional like commentary on this point, since I know you're right there in Shenzhen. Yeah, so first off, before we get into the product development side of things, like when you're about front-loading your criticals to use and building buffers, you know, there 's a case of supply and demand going on. And so some critical components prices might rise as well, so it would behoove you to get those orders in earlier before you're just at a race to the top when it comes to pricing. We're seeing things like batteries are getting like crazy expensive right now and it's causing some delays for some of our clients coming out of the of the new year and like it's just something that they have to accept. So really it's really important to just make sure that you're prepared and have all the inventory you need, otherwise you're just kind of cutting into your margins as well as just going through unnecessary stress. When it comes to new 
[00:22:00] product development, you know, Greg, Greg, you mentioned it earlier too with a lot of the factories like the engineering team or like the R&D staff, they're maybe not available, right? During Chinese New Year or even beforehand, they kind of like throwing their hands in the air. The engineers kind of start to work a little bit slower because they're just like excited to go home and they want to , you know, go home with like a clean slate and not have all these pending projects going on. You know, so all that being said though, during this Chinese New Year time, when you're not so caught up in supply chain mess, hopefully you've done everything you needed to do to prepare for it. And so you have, you should have some free time to kind of think about things. So it's a great time to, you know, reflect on the last year, see what's sold well, understand what customer feedback was and really start thinking about, you know, what new products you can launch for the back half of the current year and just kind of get your roadmap together and kind of make and just make sure that you're planned for coming out of the Chinese New Year strong, you're going to your suppliers with ideas, new products that also help with like negotiations, right? If you're going to them and saying like, hey, we haven't seen products. And like, here's our forecast going to the rest of the year. And then here's what we're going to do with the new products in like Q4, you know, being that being set up in that type of way is really setting yourself up for success at the back end of the year. If you come out of Chinese New Year and, you know, mid delay Q1 with Q2 around the corner, you couldn't get products done, you know, by Q3 and launch them in Q4. And so your Q4 is, we're just going to be, you know, your biggest season for most people is a big reflection of the preparation that you're doing now. So take advantage of the downtown during Chinese New Year and do some product development. Yeah, 100% 100%. I think anytime like the client talks about like wanting to do an ODM project, I could cause some gadget. I'm like, you know, strap in 
[00:24:02] because it is going to be a long time. But yeah, it's just there, there's so much, there's so much planning with it and so many decisions that have to get made. And like, I would say, you know, if you have, if you, if you do have a good like industrial design engineer, like this is, this probably is a great time. I get if you're thinking about starting right now to just like knock out those designs and try to like just at least be, at least just have like, just be more like clear with like exactly like the features of everything that you want with the product. And that way, like when you go into it, you've kind of like, when you go into it with the supplier, when they get back, like you just know, you know, exactly like what you're looking for, what the trade offs are. I mean , of course, when it comes to creating a new product, there's always going to be trade offs because there's those unexpected, you know, costs that you're not going to be thinking about. So it's good to have like plan A, plan B, plan C, and just like really think it through, because you have all the time in the world right now to do it since it's like time is kind of frozen. All right, let's go into you know, supplier communication and risk reduction. Yeah, like, rest from my previous experiences, especially because like, you know, you've been at companies where, you know, you kind of, you're working with like contract manufacturers that are producing for like really large companies. So, you know, Q1, you know, there's a million things to already do. But why you kind of go in to kind of just the communication risk reduction. Yeah, I mean, I think that the first line item here is absolutely the, is it is a really important one, early forecast sharing with your suppliers, giving your factory demand, visibility is going to help them to reserve labor and materials before schedules tighten. It's so 
[00:26:03] important that the your manufacturer knows what your expectations are, and that you can align with them in advance. It's going to give you the leg up on any of your competitors who are trying to get space on their production line. And it's going to help you to truly understand whether or not you're going to be able to meet your demand with their, with their labor and capacity allocations during the period. So yeah, absolutely make sure you share your forecast. Something that I would urge, however, is that it's good to share your forecast, but it's also extremely important that if the trigger that's necessary for your manufacturer to be placing their material orders is your own purchase orders to them, make sure that you're getting your POs issued to them and that you're very clear that you want to make sure materials are being ordered during this pre-CNY period. So I would say make sure that you have very clear communication with them about those material orders, and if they require a PO from you, I would, I would definitely recommend placing those POs pre-CNY so that you can secure the raw materials. That way, you know, these orders are near supplier or RGA with the factory, and hopefully they've placed those to the material supplies already. So that's, you know, that's, I would say those two points are extremely important. The third point here is identifying alternate factories or backup warrants. This is so important for just business in general in product development and manufacturing. Always have point-ins and C plans, you know, you can be as prepared as you want , but if you don't have a backup plan, you know, with your supplier, you know, you can be setting yourself up with a failure. I think this is where it's definitely helpful to be working with, you 
[00:28:00] know, it's one of the leverage that you can get by working with a sourcing company, for example, who tends to have, it tends to be able to nurture a quick relationship, relationships more quickly with alternate suppliers and provide these backup plans. Interesting case you need it. Like, for example , let's say you're working with a manufacturer, this is, this is going to happen to me just recently even where because of the Chinese New Year shutdown, all of our materials for a production build are on track and okay to support the, to support our production line outside China during CNY. However, our packaging, because we changed the packaging method, we ended up in a supply crunch where if we had an alternate packaging supplier lined up and ready to supply, we would have been able to finish our production build. So even, you know, the critical component just being packaging is kind of frustrating, right? Because you think that it's so easy to provide, but if you don't have those backup solutions in mind already, you can be setting yourself up for disruption. And then the final point here, like Greg was touching on also a few minutes ago, document the lead times and shutdown calendars. Each manufacturer can have their own timelines and their sub suppliers tend to. So it's important to over communicate about what those timelines look like in advance. That's Greg, CJ. I don't know if you have any other points on this area. Yeah, I think, I think a lot of stuff is just being reiterated here just because of the importance that, that it has, you know, when it comes to document lead times, I think it's something we try to do here is just be as proactive as possible, as early as possible, telling our clients like, "Hey, here's when your factories are shutting down. Here's what your production schedule looks like. Here's when they're going to get back. Let's hop on the phone and 
[00:30:00] figure out a forecast for you, right?" And so, you know, we're in a situation now where we're lucky to have a lot of our clients that, you know, have production already pre- booked, you know, going into next year. And they're going to have shipped, they have shipped and scheduled already all the way through March. Some even as far out as April. And so the people that are able to be proactive and plan and forecast as we just talked about are some of the more successful operators that we deal with, I would say for sure. Yeah, I would say like for the Q4 businesses, like Q1 is a great time to reflect on the previous year and like really think about, you know, what your forecast and growth is looking like for this year so that you could start figuring out with the manufacturer like a production plan, but also like payment terms. I mean, because like, it's almost like you want to give them what the year's quantity is going to be. And the supplier already knows that it's going to be mostly in Q4, but it's like you just want to like reverse engineer, you know, kind of like how the lead times are going to look, you know , like how are we able to shorten it, you know, heading into Q4, and then what kind of payment terms are you able to give me so I could continue to grow, you know, collecting bomb costs. So you could, you know, if you're dealing in a product category where it's not just one factory, you have to order from you kind of have to allocate it to multiple factories, you could just start like taking those bomb costs from each of them and like kind of leveraging, you know, the info you have against each other. And you know, it's a great, it's a great time to negotiate because 
[00:32:02] once you get into, I'd say like halfway into Q2, you're already starting, the orders are already starting to pick up. And you know, now it's almost like they're like, you know, there's nothing that you really can do except for continue to order right now. So it's kind of like the factory kind of goes like, ha, ha, like you had your chance, but you, you didn't, you didn't take care of it then because like now you're in, you're going to be entering your busy season. So you know, I do think that Q1 is a great time. I mean, January is probably better to do it than, than right at Chinese New York. No one really wants to talk with us like that. Very Chinese New York, you got to wait until, you know, they get back and like they're at like more of a normal speed because like factories are scrambling to hire workers. So now you're kind of having these conversations in March. And when it comes to negotiating, like negotiating doesn't just happen like in a week, like sometimes there's a lot of back and forth for like a month. So you know, it's, the clock is like a little bit short, like it's shorter than you think when you get back from Chinese New Year to try to get things figured out. And again, I mean, I am, I am just like, I am speaking a little bit more about, you know, larger volume businesses, because like if you're on the lower volume side, you still are able to get like volume to your discounts and things like that. So you're not really, you're not really going to be like struggling to negotiate. But if you 're like a pretty large business, like if you're doing like 50 million a year in revenue, like you're like probably getting my bottom pricing already. So now it's like you really have to like pick at pick at very specific things and be a little bit more clever in the way 
[00:34:01] that you negotiate. So that's like just like my comment about like the more of the seasonal Q4 businesses. But we could, we could dive into just, you know, Q1 stability and then getting into Q2 growth. And we could, we could kind of talk about, you know, we could touch on maybe a little product development. But yeah, CJ, do you want to kind of take a floor on this one? Yeah. So if you're, if you're prepared in Q1 and you, you don't have to deal with like any stock outs or you're not putting out any fires in the supply chain, then you have a really good idea of what's going to work for you this year and like what your direction looks like. So it enables you to scale into Q2 more confidently, right? It helps you develop stronger relationships with your supplier, Greg, like you were just saying, like they really appreciate you being proactive with your ordering and with your planning so that they can, you know, not be stressed out going into the holiday. They can come back knowing that they have business to get to right away. And then that can also help you with negotiations long term. Also, if you're developing products in Q1 and you're coming out of Chinese New Year with new products to work on in Q2, that's going to make everyone really happy as well. And so, you know, bridging that gap between Q4, getting ready for Q1 with, you know, preparing your inventory and then coming into Q2 strong with new orders, new products, you know, you're getting deals done. It's really just the best way to continue to grow stably throughout the year. Yeah, yeah. What do you think, Chris? Yeah, I mean, I think that going out of Q1, you really want to make sure that 
[00:36:00] you are mindful about your production allocation. So having these Q1 reads, trying to make sure that you're keeping your skews in stock at your warehouse so that you can support demand. The last thing you want to do is go into Q2, where you had disruption in your ability to support your demand, right? Because then you have to turn off ads. You don't necessarily get a good read for what's working and what's not. So it could be a really painful process, trying to ramp up there and get a new read on these things during a period where, again, prime day orders are going to be coming through to you in May. And Amazon's algorithms, you know, they're going to be looking back at your performance in the previous 90 days. It's, you know, just not ideal if you're facing disruptions in your marketing during that period. So you have to be really mindful about keeping your skews in stock so that you can scale up on what's really working in Q2. Okay. Yeah, so that's a good segue into just like your Q2 strategy, right? So, you know, for some businesses, you know, that kind of like, you know, got things figured out for Q1, which means they were already planning that towards the end of the previous year. You know, this is where you're thinking about if you've already launched something, like increasing your order volume, just based on some of the Q1 signals. Like what I was saying before, especially for the Q4 heavy businesses, just negotiating better, you know, MLP using pricing. Then there's a lot of optimization you could do with, you know, production runs 
[00:38:04] to just either reduce your per unit costs or trying to figure out, you know, just better lead times. Now, there are businesses that are not really, you know, that maybe are planning a little bit later, and trying to just launch products in Q2, you know, versus Q1. And, you know, for those, you know, you're just trying to see, like, what kind of testing you can do. Like, I would say, it's always best to kind of know, like, the products you want to launch almost like, it's like Q4 to just like, at least have the ideas down, you know, Q1 to kind of see, like, what's really doable and knowing the timelines. But, you know, and just also, so like, I think it requires just a lot of time for you to be spending on like the marketing side, actually, and just like thinking about different bundle options you could be doing, all kinds of offers you could be doing. So, you know, I'd say like that's kind of like the mindset you're going to be in, and then just the other two topics. And I'll let you guys take over, but, you know, it's the time and cost optimization and the supplier and sub-under management. Yes, CJ, what are like the common things that we typically experience with just the time and cost optimization for Q2? So, going into Q2, if you're trying to get your cost and lead times figured out, like, it all depends on what you were able to do in Q1 again, because you're going to need to have some sort of, you know, some money to play with basically, right? You're going to need to be able to go to your factory and, you know, get your pre-ordered materials 
[00:40:01] in. You're going to need to be organized with your forecast and scheduling. And it's really hard to go into Q2 swinging without being ready for like that end of March, you know, wave of sales for after Chinese New Year. And like Chris was saying, like, if you are doing, you know, Amazon Prime Day, you need to get this stuff on a boat in April, which means that a lot of what you're going to need to be selling in Q2 probably needs to get produced in Q1 and then shipped out. And so, just kind of keep that in mind. Don't just think, like, oh, we're going to have a killer Q2, but you don't need to think about it until then. I know, like, we've reached out to a lot of clients recently and said, you know, hey, now is Chinese New Year? Let's get some product development stuff figured out. Let's just see what your forecasts are like so that we can come out swinging of Chinese New Year. And they're saying, like, oh, like, I'm not worried about the products until Q2, like, I've launched this plan, but it's going to be in Q2. And I'm like, okay, cool, but we need to know that now. So that we're ready to go because, like, I don't want to be, I don't want to hear, like, in April, like, oh, like, I wanted to watch this in two weeks, right? That's just not how that works. Yeah. And I think, like, you know, what I usually see, you know, with brands is, like, like Q3, it already starts to get pretty busy for the most part, just because people, people, people already figured out the products that they 're going to sell. They've run a lot of the tests. They, they are starting to, especially for, like, the new products that they've moved into or New Hero SKUs, like, they, they see, like, you know, how much that they could probably scale it. And, you know, I think, I think this is, like, I think for, for Q2, like, 
[00:42:00] if you, if you, you really want to know, like, what's the shortest lead time you can do, because then you're able to do a lot better, like, cashflow planning for Q3 and especially Q4. So I think, like, in turn, like, to be more, like, specific about the lead times, like, if you're dealing with gadgets, like, which components take the longest to produce if you're dealing with skimp here in supplements, and you're, you're, you're not doing that, like, stick or wrap around the bottle, you're doing direct printing, like, just understanding, you know, how much you really need to be ordering to shorten the lead times on bottles, you know, certain ingredients, like, especially if you're producing in China, like, for, for skincare, like, if you're doing, like, an anti-aging serum, like, there, there's certain ingredients that are made in France. If you're doing hair care, biotin, it's commonly coming out of Germany. So, you just want to make sure that you, like, know about, like, longest lead time materials so that, you know, you are able to, to get into a more, like, stabilized lead time for assembly. And I think also just, like, thinking about your, your shipping setup, your fulfillment setup is pretty important just because, like, if you are, if, if you're trying, if you're trying to just optimize on, like, a lead times where, like, shipping gets, is involved, like, you got, you got to start thinking about, okay, like, if I'm going to be doing hybrid fulfillment this year, because I wasn't last year, because that's going to reduce my, my shipping costs, like, you know, that means I am now going to have stuff on the water for , like, 30 days. And, and what could I do, you know, what could I do to, you know, to just, like, be on a better shipping schedule? Or let's say you're, you have multiple brands and you, you know, you want to try to bring your, your shipping costs down, like, can I, can I just, like, put to, like, 
[00:44:02] for two different brands that I own, like, book my orders to fill up a 40 foot high cube container. So I think, I do think, like, thinking about your fulfillment setup, thinking about, you know, your, your shipment schedule, you know, what, what methods of shipping you're going to do to just, like, have things like on, on, on, like, the fastest schedule possible, I think is, is pretty important. I think in Q2, as well, you're seeing more stabilized, see freight prices, air freight prices. It's going to be a little bit less wonky. So you're able to get into, like, just like a better rhythm for, you know, shipping costs, or your shipping costs forecast planning. So I'd say, like, those, these are the things you want to think about. Lastly, just on lead time, like, you would think that box it, like, box packaging is super fast, but that's, that's only when it's being, like, on, it's, like, automatically produced, like, the boxes that, like, a skincare bottle would, would go into. But if you're dealing with, like, more of these, like, semi-automatic produced boxes, where it's, you know, it's, like, most of the gadgets are going into. If you're ordering, like, 100,000 units, those lead times are pretty long. So just understanding, like, you know, especially if you're going to be changing your designs and stuff, or, like, improving the branding, like, just making sure you're, you're well aware of the lead times if you're, if you're scaling up into certain volumes. That way you don't want to be, like, the worst thing would, you know, and I remember with this, like, feminine care brand we work with, like, to be waiting on packaging is, like, probably the most frustrating experience. So I would say, you know, it's something to be thinking about. And Chris, you could, you could wrap it up on, like, the sub-ended management part. Yeah, I think that, like, as you're going out of Q1 and heading out of Chinese 
[00:46:02] New Year, it's good to be evaluating your supplier performance. You want to be monitoring how are, you know, are they delivering product on time? Are they executing with a consistent level of quality? Or have there been any challenges from a supply chain perspective throughout Q1 and leading into Chinese New Year? Look at the prior year performance, if applicable, as well, because you want to make sure that if you want to start introducing alternate sources, backup sources, or even on the sub-component level where, let's say, you want any packaging supplier or anything like that, that you're starting to connect those dots and reach out to those alternate suppliers and backup options right after Chinese New Year to set yourself up for a better second half of the year, because you definitely don't want to be doing that going into Q3 and Q4 peak season. Yeah, one last point on all of this that I would mention is try to also think big picture when you're thinking about your shipping methods and stocking up during this post-CNY period, because you've got some really big holidays going into Q2, you know, depending on what your product is, you've got Easter, you've got Mother's Day, you've got Father's Day, there's Prime Day, so just keep in mind like you're all in costs, including like your customer acquisition costs, because you might be missing out on opportunities by not having inventory available, so I would definitely keep that in mind as well. Yeah, yeah. All right. Yeah, why don't you continue with this quality control as a Q1, Q2 through line. Love that word, by the way. Yeah, right, our business jargon. Yeah, look, I think that, you know, joking 
[00:48:06] aside, quality control is incredibly important all times of year, but going into like the Chinese New Year period and immediately after you want to make sure that you're going into the rest of the year where you want to be scaling up with peace of mind, right? You don't want to be and you don't want to have questions in your mind about your manufacturer's ability to consistently deliver reliable product off the line. You don't want to be troubleshooting that as you're trying to scale, because that's going to cause serious disruptions on your production line. You can add to product cost if you have to start changing your processes to add in more cycle time for quality steps in your production. So you really want to make sure that, you know, you're preventing those a lot of those defects before your launching product. You want to make sure that you're reducing defect rates so that you can scale confidently. And then you want to make sure also, if you're not doing this already, that you're tracking recurring issues, so important to make sure that not only are you writing down what are the issues, what are the failure rates? Your manufacturers should be tracking this and providing you with a report on this for every production run. You want to make sure that you're getting to the root cause for any failures and that any of these failures that are occurring when you understand what the root cause is, that there's an effective corrective action plan. Again, this last point here, times you see failures to charge backs and corrective actions. It's not just about identifying the problem, although that is extremely important, getting to that root cause. You also need to make sure that you have a clear actionable plan to be able to deliver the resolution to the issues. 
[00:50:01] So, CJ, you want to just run through just like maybe a client example with gadgets or skincare? Yeah, supply chain, like sub vendors and raw materials, supply chain can kind of change in Q1 and Q2 based on what happens during Chinese New Year, right? A lot of businesses close or reopen, or factories will switch sub vendors, or you're dealing with new personnel. And so, there's a lot of different variables that's important to pay attention to. And so, like, those types of questions, you're good questions to ask when you're thinking about quality during this period of time. Are we using the same quality manager? Are all of our raw materials suppliers the same? If they've changed, have you done audits? Can you provide me with any types of audits that you've done on them? And just really understanding, if there are any variables, and then what tests are being done to mitigate any risk during this period, because it can be a bit risky? Yeah, I think also, especially when it comes to gadgets, there's a lot of troubleshooting that goes on, especially if your defects are higher. So, really trying to think through some of those feature issues or connection issues, when you're dealing with more high-powered stuff. Definitely, I think reducing the defect, working on reducing the defect rate is a really important time, because one thing that people don't think about a lot is what happens to your customer service team, if your defect rates are high. That's it, that people don't really factor that into what 
[00:52:01] your cogs are, because it's kind of hard to tie it to your per-unit cost. But working on reducing your defect rate to as low as possible is pretty important, especially if you're going to be scaling more aggressively in Q3 and Q4. It's a significant amount of profit that you could be earning if you keep the defect rate slow. I'd say just really having a good tracking system for the defects that you're getting, making sure we tell our clients to send us a spreadsheet, and we give them topics that we need them to put in for each of the columns, just so that we're able to communicate more effectively with the manufacturer on what issues to solve. How many of those issues could actually just be solved by quick changes? Is it a design flaw? And that's why there's a defect rate, which means you would have to come out with a version two, which that's why you want to figure this out earlier in Q1 versus Q2, because at least you'll still have time for launching a new version that same year, whereas if you're in Q2, you're cutting it pretty close to launch by Black Friday. So I'd say especially when it comes to gadgets, I'd say this is where you really do need to be thinking more critically. When you're dealing with things like skincare and supplements, that's not as seasonal, and like reformulating, or figuring, just doing product development in that space, it's just so much faster. Or if you're dealing in fashion, again, you don't need to do tooling or anything like that. It is important to kind of work through product launches 
[00:54:02] in that space during Q1 and Q2, just because factories can't really scale up their capacity. Usually in a parallel, you're actually working on scaling factories. So if we're going to be talking about apparel, I would say really understanding your forecast, and then what you want to come out with, and trying to really dial in on the sizing issues, because returns and defects, it's quite high in apparel. So yeah, I just wanted to kind of give more like product category, like specific examples. All right, let's dive into the cross-functional alignment for Q2 launches. Chris, you want to take it forward? Yeah, sure. I think that, yeah, this is super important, right ? So I think that we already talked a lot about on the supply chain side, but communication with the manufacturer and talking about your forecasting with them. But outside of your external communications, it's really important that your internal team is all aligned as well, because there can be real implications for your overall planning going through this Q1, Q2 period, where if you're not aligned, there could be serious gaps in your strategy. So the first line item here, marketing aligned with real inventory availability. If you are running ads on a product and it starts performing really, really well, and you run out of stock, then you're in a really difficult spot, because you're going to have to shut off your ads, you're wasting money, and then you are not able to kind of continue to refine and optimize your targeting for that ad that you 've been spending on. And you could be really missing out on a much more attractive run with that attractive 
[00:56:00] ROAS, right? So that's something that's really challenging. And then going through this CNY period, if you haven't been ordering the correct skew balance between your different products, if you're offering multiple products, that can be a real challenge, right, where suddenly you're investing in product you're putting the factory's capacity on a skew that might not be performing as well as a different one. So aligning with your marketing team, making sure that those dollars spent are as valuable as possible in acquiring your clients, right? Number two here, sales forecasts synced with production capacity. On this, it really kind of goes in line and hand in hand with this. You want to make sure that if your sales team is reviewing inventory levels, that they have a good forward forecast during this period that can be challenging from a supply chain perspective, so that they know what they need to be focusing on selling, so that they know what the inventory flow looks like, despite some of these potential prospective supply chain disruptions that can occur surrounding CNY. Number three, this is something that Greg mentioned, make sure that customer service is prepared for volume increases as you're scaling up here in this period post CNY and trying to drive some volume, you want to make sure that you have your team aware of what are you, what's your skew balance going to look like, what are you going to be selling, what will there be more orders for, because if your team is used to a certain percentage of customer tickets surrounding a product, and your volume increases, then that percentage means you're going to be getting a lot more orders, so you have to make sure or a lot more tickets potentially, so you need to make sure that 
[00:58:00] they're briefed and that they're up to speed if you actually have, let's say you're ramping up with a new CS customer service personnel, you want to make sure that they're familiar with your product and you're familiar with any of the open recurring type of issues that might be arising on customer tickets, and then finally here, all of this is going to result in fewer broken promises to customers, I think that between any CNY concerns that you're trying to tackle or between potential out of stocks resulting in longer delivery times to customers, I think that a lot of companies, one of the most easily avoidable customer service tickets, and also one of the most urgent ones, it's easily avoidable but also so important is where is my order, when am I getting it, so if you're running out of stock on a key skew and it's taking longer than usual to deliver to customers, there could be a lot of crisis management hands-on attention needed to keep those customers happy and to make sure that you're keeping that sale without a charge back from customer. Yeah, it's just important to be aligned internally as you are externally, right, make sure that everyone on the team understands what's realistic, you know, after all of the preparation you've done with your supply chain, make sure that the entire team is aware of what's actually going to happen and make sure that all the expectations are clear. Yeah, right, right, so what are the key takeaways? All right, no, so just be mindful of how Chinese New Year's supply chains can 
[01:00:00] disrupt Q1 and Q2, you know, we've said it many times over the duration of this module, but coming out of a successful Q4 and preparing for a successful Q1 and Q2 is just going to give you an even better Q4 the following year, even if you're only a Q4 heavy business, like you still want to make sure that you're good to go and Q1 and Q2 and that you're doing everything you can to work around the Chinese New Year challenges that are in front of you. That includes communicating with your suppliers early, making sure that you have, you know, capacity allocated for you, that, you know , all of your QC is buttoned up and that also means taking advantage of the downtime to be able to get into product development so that you have new things to sell in Q4 and particularly in Q3 because that can be a slower season. There aren't as many holidays, people aren't spending as much because they're getting ready for the Q4 holiday season and so if you have a new product launch that can really boost your sales in Q3 and Q1 and Q2 is the perfect time to start thinking about that . Right. Well, yeah, I think this was like a really good session and module and I just hope this will be useful for everybody and we'll dive into the next module shortly. 